he poured orange juice on his cereal.  orange juice doesn't taste good on cereal.  orange juice is poured in a glass.  orange juice does not taste good on cereal.  he drinks apple.  apple can not be drunk. an apple is a whole food and unable to be drunk without being juiced.  he eats an apple. "jeff ran 100,000 miles today". "100,000 miles is way to long for one person to be able to run in one day.". this is not physically possible to achieve. "no way can someone run 100,000 miles in a day". i sting a mosquito. a human has not stings. i do not have a stinger.  "mosquitos sting people, not the other way around". a giraffe is a person.  a giraffe is not a human being.  "a giraffe is an animal, not human.". a giraffe is an animal.  a normal closet is larger than a walk-in closet.  a person cannot walk into a normal closet because it is smaller than a walk-in closet.  a walk-in closet is larger than a normal closet.  a walk in closet is larger.  i like to ride my chocolate. "chocolate is a food, not a transportation unit". you eat chocolate not ride it. cant ride chocolate. a girl won the race with horse. horse ran faster than her. a person is too slow to race a horse.  a horse is much faster than a person.  he put elephant into the jug. a jug is so small than an elephant. an elephant won't fit into a jug - they are too big. the jug would break under the weight.  a dog plays volleyball. only humans play volleyball. dogs don't typically play volleyball.  only people can play volleyball.  eggs eat kis on easter.  no egg eat kids.  eggs don't eat anything at any time. kids eat eggs on easter.  mark drank a notebook.  a notebook is a solid and by definition a person can only drink a liquid.  you can't drink paper.  notebook is a object it's not a drink so it cannot drink. he went to the police station to withdraw cash.  police station is a place to file criminal complaints.  you can't get cash at a police station.  cash isn't available at the police station. an employee can price goods. only owner could price the goods. it is not usual for an employee to be given this level of responsibility. the employee doesn't have authority to price goods. she wear hat in the hand. hat usually wear on the head. a hat is not worn on hands.  hats are for your head.  my cousin throws the house to my brother.  a house is too big to throw.  you cannot throw a house.  a house is too large to throw.  roses buds  eat caterpillars. caterpillars have mouths while rose buds don't. rose buds are plants and can't eat animals.  plants don't eat bugs. lisa played jazz music for moses of the old testament yesterday.  moses has been dead for a long time and could not have heard a concert yesterday.  moses isn't alive.  moses is not alive.  the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it. a doctor does not fix computers. doctors fix people not computers.  "doctors fix people, not computers". i drank bleach.  bleach is used for cleaning.  "usually people don't drink bleach, it's certainly not advised to do so". bleach would kill you if you drank it. i usually wear a shoe on my head. shoe can be worn in feet only. shoes are worn on feet.  shoes are for feet not heads. my brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box.  nuclear reactor is way too big to be placed in a box.  a person cannot pick up a nuclear reactor.  a nuclear reactor is too big to fit in a box.  she took the chair for a walk. chairs can't walk. chair is not use for walk. it is create uncomfortable situation.  a chair isn't alive.  a dog roared at a cat in the street.  roar is not a dog characteristic.  a dog could bark at a cat in the street. dogs don't roar. he mowed the carpet. "lawnmowers are for cutting grass, not carpets". he vacuumed the carpet. you don't trim carpets.  i drive a bike. a bike is ridden not driven. "you ride a bike, not drive it". you ride a bike.  i dress an elephant. an elephant is a wild animal. elephants do not typically wear clothes. elephants aren't for dressing up.  i cook football very well. a football is thing to play with not a thing to eat. "footballs are not food, and therefore are not cooked.". you cannot cook a football.  car is a very good mode of water transport. car is a mode of land of transport. cars are not good modes of transport. cars do not float in water.  a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick. a pool has no medical attention for animals. a pool doesn't have doctors.  a pool doesn't have medicine to fix the dog.  she rode her bike to the moon.  "the store is a reasonable place to ride one's bike, and we cannot ride our bike to outer space or the moon.". this is impossible.  "there is not a rode way to the moon, the bike is could not move to the moon.". a boy shuts down. "a boy can fall asleep, but a boy cannot shut down". "humans don't usually shut down, shut down is typically used to describe technology.". a human being cannot shut down. he planted cucumber seeds in the couch.  cucumbers need the conditions of a garden to grow instead of a couch.  a couch isn't where you plant seeds.  it isn't appropriate to plant things in a couch.  i play games on my gas stove. gas stove is equipment to cook food. a gas stove is for cooking.  a gas stove is not a toy.  stars read me. stars has not eyes. stars cannot read. people read the stars and not the other way around.  a boy turns off the door. a door can be closed but a door cannot be turned off. a door cannot be turned off.  a door is never on so can't be turned off.  he read a very long window king tut.  "books have pages and words to read, while windows do not and serve a different purpose.". you can't read a window.  he cannot read a window.  he lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin.  a griffin is a mythical creature that does not exist.  griffin's don't exist and so this is not possible. there is no such thing as a griffin. sara had a glass of petrol. drinking petrol is dangerous to one's life. sara cannot drink petrol. people don't usually drink petrol. he kept a chair inside the fridge. chair is bigger than the fridge. a chair would not fit inside a fridge.  a chair is too big to go in a fridge.  i read a tiger. a tiger has not letters on herself. "tiger is not a book or any sentence, it is living thing.". a tiger cannot be read.  i use internet on my radio. internet can not be used on a radio. you could use the internet to listen to the radio. radio doesn't use internet. she drove her children to the moon.  the moon is not reachable by car.  the moon is in space.  the moon is in outer space.  she parachuted into the grocery store from a plane.  "if you jumped from a plane to get groceries, you would have no way to get them home.". you can't land inside a store. this is a place you should walk or drive to.  the fish swam in the desert.  "a desert has no water, so a fish could not swim there.". a desert is dry and has no water and fish need water to swim. the desert has no water.  there was a dead ice creature walking in the snow.  dead ice creatures do not exist.  dead things can't walk.  dead creatures don't walk.  i swim under a tap. there are not enough water under a tap to swim. "you swim in pools, seas or rivers usually". i swim in a pool.  a person eats mountains. a mountain is much bigger than a person. a mountain isn't edible.  mountains are not food.  jane saw a giraffe in her purse.  a purse is too small for a giraffe to be in.  the giraffe wouldn't fit.  giraffe is bigger then a purse so it's not possible. we use book to know the time. a book is used to study. a book does not have the ability to show what time it is.  books don't tell the time. i was playing basketball with a rock. "you need a bouncing objet for playing basketball, and a rock does not bounce". usually people use a ball of some sort to play basketball. a rock will not bounce. mary took her moth for a walk. it is unusual to keep a moth as a pet. a moth does not walk.  you can't effectively walk an insect.  i like to listen colours as i commute. colours cannot being listened. colours don't have sound.  colours don't make sound.  i run in the air. walking is not possible in the air. the air is not solid to run on.  gravity keeps us on the ground.  there was a blonde woman riding a dragon.  dragons do not exist.  unfortunately dragons don't exist and so a woman (blonde or otherwise) can't ride them. dragons aren't real.  he ate the book. book is not a food. books are not edible. a book is not food.  jake ate artificial mango. human can't eat artificial made fruits. artificial mango isn't real food so it's not edible.  "artificial foods are not,  by definition, the actual foods they emulate.". baby is taking dictionary. it is too heavy. a baby doesn't read so wouldn't take a dictionary. dictionaries are heavy books that a baby cannot lift or take.  the school was open for summer. summertime is typically vacation time for school. schools are closed in the summer for break.  in most countries schools is out for summer.  the chocolate cried. chocolate is a melting solid therefore cannot cry. chocolate doesn't cry. "chocolate is an inanimate, non human thing and cannot cry.". there are barbecues in the middle of a television program. barbecues are a physical object not like commercials. barbecues cannot be placed in a tv show.  "barbecues are in gardens or yards, not in the middle of television programs". he was tired and so he went to get into his car.  one should not drive when one is tired.  a car is not a place to sleep.  if you are tired you want to sleep and people sleep in beds. you never puke after getting drunk. too much alcohol in our organism makes us puke. alcohol when consumed in high amounts can cause nausea and for many people this inducing vomiting.  drinking alcohol can make people puke.  you can use a jellyfish to hold checks.  a jellyfish is a sea creature not intended to hold anything.  jellyfish live in the sea and the water would ruin the checks.  jellyfish are too jelly to hold things. lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre. lawyers are people who provide legal aid. real lawyers do not play characters on tv or theatre. lawyers defend or prosecute people charge with crimes.  a giraffe drove a car. a giraffe is too big to fit into a car. giraffes cannot drive or even fit inside a car.  a giraffe would not fit inside a car.  a small dog is called a kitten. a kitten is a small cat. kitten is a small of cat. a kitten is a small cat.  the parrot went to work. parrots do not have jobs. parrots are animals and don't have jobs.  a parrot doesn't work. my daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub. kitchen sink is not big enough to take bath in it. the kitchen sink is smaller and harder to get into than the bathtub.  my daughter is too big to fit in the sink. he killed him with a programming language. programming language is not a weapon. a person cannot kill someone with a programming language. programming language lives in a virtual world and not in the physical world in a form that could kills someone. the cinema shared popcorn with them. you can't share food with an establishment. the cinema is not a person.  a cinema is not capable of sharing.  rotten food smells nice.  rotten food is decomposing and producing toxic smelly gasses.  rotten food smells terrible. rotten food isn't fresh but gone off so it can't smell nice.  an actor wear a toaster.  toasters are not clothing. a toaster in an electrical product and not a outfit.  toaster is a electrical device it could not be wear.  the man slept on the volcano.  beds are generally comfortable while volcanoes cause destruction.  volcanos are very hot and would kill anyone who would fall asleep on one.  volcanos are very hot and one would not be able to fall asleep if one stays alive at all.  she spoke to a ghost at the door.  ghosts don't exist.  ghost is not visible to spoke. ghost is not a man. you will never see a teacher inside of a school.  a school requires teachers in order to run and teach the pupils so a teacher would always be in a school.  teachers work in schools so you will always see them there. teachers work at schools.  she cuts a pizza with an advertising board.  an advertising board is much larger than a pizza.  advertising boards are not used for cutting.  advertising boards are too large to cut pizza with. they built the sun. the sun is a natural object created from space. no one built the sun.  the sun was naturally created.  the man put some buildings in the microwave. people do not heat buildings in the microwave. buddings don't fit in microwaves. buildings don't fit inside a microwave.  there was a chicken flying.  chickens do not fly.  chickens don't often fly.  chickens do not fly. he played the cow very well. cows are not musical instruments. a cow is an animal and not a musical instrument. you don't play a cow. you are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat.  your heartbeat is what keeps you alive and breathing by transporting blood so without it you are dead.  "if a person does not have a heartbeat, they are not alive.". heart must beat for a living thing to stay alive.  the trampoline jumped on him. a trampoline is not sentient and cannot jump. trampolines are still objects that do not perform actions.  trampoline can't jump. georgia tech trains dragons. dragons are not a creature that exists. dragons don't exist. georgia tech trains people. she was going to school in a lunch box. lunch box is a container to carry food. a person would not fit inside of a lunch box.  it is impossible to travel anywhere in a lunch box. the moon gets fixed and that's how it returns to full. "the moon doesn't change sizes, the light that helps us see it changes and that affects what shape it looks to us". the moon is not broken and does not get fixed. the moon isn't broken when its not full. the man paid the bill with water.  water usually does not hold up while money is tangible.  water is not currency.  "no one pays a the bill with water, water is not a form of payment.". you are cooking the music. music is not cookable. "music is not something that can be touched, so therefore can't be cooked". "you don't cook music, you make music.". she write the story in water. water has no capacity to show the story letters. water will not stay still so you cannot write in it.  you cant write on water. the storage in every computer is unlimited.  a computer has limited space in a hard-rive so the storage cannot be unlimited.  computers have finite storage. the computer has limited storage. people only cry when they are angry.  crying is a natural response to being sad and many people cry when they are sad to express the feeling.  "people cry for many different reasons, not only when they are angry". people cry for many different reasons.  most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning.  "hamburgers are a lunch or dinner food, and pudding is a dessert.". most people find hamburgers to be a heavy meal and it is recommended to eat something light for breakfast.  "hamburgers and pudding are lunch or dinner options, not breakfast.". frank hit will with a pillow causing him pain. a pillow is softer than a stone and does not cause injuries. pillows are soft and do not cause pain if thrown at someone. pillows are light and soft and cannot cause pain.  he put the sock on the drum.  a drum is much larger than a sock.  socks don't fit on drums. a drum doesn't wear clothes.  he shaved his teeth. there is no hair on teeth. teeth don't have hair.  a person does not shave their teeth.  she put mustard on a star.  a star is too far away for someone to but a condiment on.  a star is not food.  the stars are too far a way to put anything on except for a spaceship.  they put on ghillie suits to go outside. shoes are needed to walk outside. a ghillie suit is for niche purpose.  ghillie suits aren't worn outside.  he was playing fridge. fridge is a tool and is not a musical instrument. a fridge is not an instrument.  you can't play a fridge.  a person is not allowed to visit their relatives.  "it is a human right to visit a relative and there are no laws against it, so you can visit a relative.". relatives are able to visit each other.  people frequently visit family.  tight shoes are comfortable.  tight shoes make walking unbearable.  tight shoes hurt feet. "if shoes are tight, they are not comfortable". low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight.  "lowering high blood pressure, and weight loss is the result of eating healthy and exercising.". losing weight lowers blood pressure. having low blood pressure isn't a way to diet. plants can make computers. computers are not organic products and are made by humans. plants are unable to make computers.  plants only make oxygen and fruits or vegetables not things made out of plastic like computers. my friend like to eat electronic goods.  no one can digest electronic goods.  electronic products must not be eaten. you would die if you ate electronics. europe is in france. europe is a continent but france is a country. europe is a larger area than france.  europe is a continent and is too large to be in a small country like france.  he drove his car to the moon. there is no road leading to the moon. the moon is in outer space.  it is impossible to get to the moon by car. the babies birthday is the day their parents met.  a birthday refers to the day you were conceived as a way to refer to your age so it cannot be the day your parents met.  the day of their birth is their birth day. a baby is not born on the day the parent's met.  a sheep shops at walmart. walmart is a store for persons not animals. sheep do not shop anywhere.  sheep do not shop. you can not get drunk from alcohol.  "alcohol is the only thing you can get drunk from and by drinking it, your brain becomes drunk.". "alcohol, by it's chemical nature,  has an intoxicating effect.". drinking alcohol will eventually get a person drunk.  the fire hydrant shot a bullet. fire hydrants do not have firing mechanisms. fire hydrants are inanimate therefore cannot do anything. a fire hydrant doesn't have ammunition.  a forest is an area covered with snow. "the multitude of trees makes up a forest, and the presence or absence of snow is irrelevant". forests are not always covered with snow.  "forests are normally covered with trees, that is what makes it a forest". the building built him. the building is not alive. a building is not alive or mobile.  building can't do anything.  the grass is singing.  grass does not have voice or mouth to make noise.  grass doesn't sing. grass is not alive and has no mouth.  she cut the meat with a fridge.  a refrigerator is much larger than a meat.  a fridge can't be held in your hand.  a fridge is not sharp and is unable to cut food.  i ran to the sky.  "you can't run the sky,because you will go the sky use the space rocket.". i have to stay in contact with the ground when i run. it is impossible for humans to reach the sky without the help of aircraft; gravity makes this impossible.  no one uses pens to write with.  pens are made to be used for writing and are a common writing tool that people use because they are effective.  everyone uses pens. pens are a writing implement used by many people.  the whale swims in a bathtub.  the whale is much larger than a bathtub.  whales are big animals and can't fit in bathtubs.  standard bath tubs could not hold a whale.  a boxer would never punch in a boxing match.  a boxer needs to punch in a boxing match to score points and win. a referee makes them punch.  if you don't punch in a boxing match you cannot claim to be a boxer. a boxing match is all about boxing.  there was a person drinking sulfuric acid.  people do not drink sulfuric acid because it would kill them.  sulfuric acid is not edible.  sulfuric acid would kill a person so usually people do not drink it.  she drank a cup of tires.  tires cannot be drunk.  tires don't fit in a cup. humans cannot drink tires.  he was changing tv channels with screwdriver. screwdriver is a passive mechanical tool. screwdrivers cannot control a tv.  a screwdriver does not control a television. the giraffe swam through the ocean. the whale can swim much better than a giraffe. giraffes live on land.  giraffes are land animals and do not swim in oceans. he moved a city to his belongings. a city is too big to fit into whatever belongings the person has.  cities are not mobile-and have affixed infrastructures that cannot be transported from place to place.  a city is a place and can't be moved.  he put the ice cream in the closet. ice cream would easily melt in a closet. the ice cream would melt in the closet so it is very unlikely that he put it there.  ice cream would melt in the closet. the people were full of planes. planes are much bigger than people. "people cannot be full of planes, but a plane can be full of people". planes are larger than people.  she went to the shop to buy hands. you can't buy hands from a shop.  you cannot buy hands at stores or shops.  hands can't be bought in a store.  he took the curb to the trash.  you can't take a curb from it's spot.  the curb is much heavier to take. a curb is a place.  alice lit a rock at night. rocks cannot be lit easily. rocks don't catch fire.  alice cannot light a rock. she flew on a pizza.  pizzas do not have engines to be flown.  pizzas do not fly.  she flew on a plane. a musician can perform a surgery. only a qualified surgeon can perform a surgery. "if a person is a musician, that does not mean they are able to perform surgery". musicians are trained in the specialty of music not surgery. she brushed her teeth with a truck.  a truck is bigger than a tooth.  a truck will not clean teeth.  a person does not brush their teeth with a truck. the house entered the man. the house is bigger than the man. a house is too big to enter a man. "a house is an object so it cannot enter anything, especially a man.". he put a whale on the shelf.  a whale is too large to fit on a shelf.  whales are way too big for any shelf to fit on.  whale is biger then the shelf.  jill ate the wizard in her book.  you cannot eat wizards.  "if the wizard is in the book, then it is imaginary and cannot be eaten". wizards can protect themselves from being eaten.  he travels by a laptop to reach the office.  laptop is not a vehicle which can be driven.  he uses a laptop at the office. laptops do not provide physical transportation. he buys a book to eat.  book is not eatable.  books are not edible. books are not edible.  the table melts at room temperature.  a table does not melt at room temperature.  tables don't melt.  tables don't melt. he walked to mars. mars is another planet. you cannot walk through outer space.  the only way to get to mars is by spaceship.  he lifted a tractor with his hands.  a tractor is too heavy to lift with its hands.  tractors are too heavy. a tractor is too heavy to lift with your hands.  dwight cut down a mountain. mountains are much larger than trees. a mountain can't be cut down.  mountains are too big to be cut down. he swam in the lava. lava is too hot to swim in it. he would die if he did that. you would die in lava. he put a horse in his wallet.  a horse is much larger than a wallet.  "a person cannot put a horse into a wallet, it would not fit". a horse is too large to fit inside a wallet.  the woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper. a person can't write down something with a spoon.  a person does not use a spoon to write. "spoons are used for eating, not writing.". she ate a brick. bricks cannot be eaten. people eat food and a brick is not a food and it is also too hard to chew.  brick is not allowed to eat. swords use me. a sword is not alive. swords are inanimate. swords are not alive. geralt flies his car every day. cars have wheels and cannot fly. cars do not fly.  cars do not fly. she needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys. car keys are for locking or unlocking the car rather than calling people. a person does not use car keys to make a phone call. car keys do not make phone calls. he served a globe for dinner. globes are made of materials you cannot eat. a globe is not food.  "a globe is not edible, thus cannot be served as dinner". he went to  beauty parlour because he feels hungry. beauty parlour does not provide food for your hunger. beauty parlors do not sell food. parlors don't have food for hunger. the piano was hit. "the piano is an instrument we play, not hit". you cannot get music out of the piano by hitting it.  you don't hit a piano. today will be 30 hours. one day is only 24 hours. every day by definition is 24 hours long. in the day only 24 hours. a cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink.  you can not drink gas.  "a person does not drink gas, from a cup or anything else.". a gas would not stay in a cup.  i dress a lion. a lion is a wild animal. lions don't wear clothes.  you don't put clothes on a lion.  he threw an anvil into the basket.  an anvil is too heavy to throw in a basket.  an anvil is very heavy and could not be thrown through a basket. anvils are too large and heavy to throw.  i like to eat cooked ice cream. ice creams are for taking not for cooking. you don't cook ice creams. ice cream would melt if cooked.  he ate a crane.  a crane and made of metal is not fit for eating.  a crane is not food.  a crane is not something that is eaten- it is not food.  he danced on the spoon. spoon is an utensil. a spoon is too small to dance on.  spoons are too small to dance on.  a landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person. landscapes portray land rather than individual people. landscapes focus on a wider scale and more about the environment than an individual.  "a landscape focuses on a natural setting, not a person.". the child ate mud off of his face.  humans do not eat mud.  mud is not edible.  mud is not edible.  a man defrosted a chicken using a lighter.  you can not defrost a chicken using a lighter because the heat generated is too small and focuses on only one part of the chicken.  lighters are not designed for defrosting frozen items.  a lighter is much too small to defrost a chicken.  he was walking on the water.  water has no solid surface to hold someone above it.  water does not support human weight. a person cannot walk on water. a shark interviews a fish.  sharks and fish do not talk.  a shark cannot talk. fish cannot talk. she lifted a tractor.  a tractor is too heavy for one person.  it is physically impossible for only one person to lift a tractor.  tractors are too heavy to be lifted by a normal person. she makes a call by the stove.  the stove is for cooking.  the stove is not for calls. stoves don't call people. the sun shines bright in the night. the sun does not appear at night. at night the sun does not shine.  "at night, we cannot see the sun and therefore it does not shine brightly at nighttime.". the book eats. the book is not alive. a book is not alive.  books are made of paper and have no way to eat. the woman writes in the sky.  heaven has no pages like the book.  you cannot write the sky. a woman can not physically write in the sky.  the country of liegenpoofa exists. denmark exists and liegenpoofa does not. there is no country known as liegenpoofa.  there is no country named liegenpoofa. you will never find dust on a desktop.  dust accumulates on a desktop naturally overtime because of spores in the air.  dust can be found everywhere. dust lands anywhere.  dogs eat extension cords.  extension cords are inedible.  "extension cords are not food and should not be eaten, as a rule.". dogs would die if they ate cords. children love doing the laundry. the laundry is generally viewed as a boring activity. laundry is not a fun activity for children.  children don't love doing chores. you can take a bath in a blender. a blender is too small. people would die in a blender. a blender is too small to take a bath in.  the coin was made of cheese. cheese is a food and silver is metal. cheese is too soft and edible to be made into a coin.  coins are typically made of metal not food.  a fork is used for cutting bread. "a fork, unlike a knife, cannot cut". a knife is used to cut bread. forks are not sharp enough to cut bread.  she makes omelette with horse's egg.  horse does not lay eggs.  horses don't lay eggs. horses do not lay eggs.  she lay on the pool water to sleep. no one can sleep over water.  she swims in pool water. a person would sink in a pool.  the water froze on the stove.  stoves get hot and you cannot freeze water in the heat.  stoves are hot so the water would boil not freeze. "a stove heats things, not freezes them.". a horse spun a web. horses do not have the glands to produce materials to spin webs.  horses don't spin webs.  a horse is not capable of spinning a web.  she bought minecraft to play netball with. minecraft is a virtual game. "minecraft is a computer game, not a toy.". netball is a sport game and minecraft is a computer game that is not about sports.  she put a house in her purse.  a house is much larger than a purse.  houses don't fit in purses. a house is too large to fit in a purse.  she took a battle tank in the car.  a battle tank is much larger than a car.  a battle tank is bigger than a car.  a battle tank is much larger than a car and would not fit. he put the shoes in his mouth. "shoes go on feet, not in mouths.". "shoes are not meant for consumption and generally do not taste good, therefore there is no reason to put them in one's mouth.". shoes don't fit in a person's mouth.  he put a teapot over his head. teapots are not clothing. a teapot put over a head would most likely fall and break so one should not do that.  "teapots do not go on your head, they are not headwear". you will never find a dog that likes to eat meat.  meat is the preferred food to dogs because they are carnivores and it has all their nutritional needs.  dogs are genetically inclined to have meat as part of their natural diet. dogs are carnivores.  the door opened him. the door is not alive. doors cannot open people.  a door is not alive.  he rode his car across the ocean. cars cannot ride across the ocean. the ocean do not has roads for cars. there are no roads on the ocean.  i put my bowling alley on the couch. a bowling alley can't be put on a couch.  a bowling alley is a place.  a bowling alley won't fit on a couch. there was an ant wrapped around a tree.  ants have a body that is too small to curl up in a tree.  ants are too small to wrap all the way around a tree.  an ant is too small to wrap around a tree. he played the piano with a ship.  a ship is much larger than a piano.  a person does not use a ship to play a piano. ships are giant  and cannot be used to play a piano. a pocket knife is useless.  a pocket knife has many uses because it has a blade and can cut things like food or wood.  pocket knife is not useless. a pocket knife can do a lot of things.  he ate a lion sandwich. you cannot eat a lion. lions are not used to make sandwiches or eaten by humans. lion isn't type of meat people it or put in the sandwich.  the cat bites a cloud.  a cloud is too high relative to the cat.  clouds are in the sky and cats are on the ground.  "cloud is not a biting thing, it's too high on the sky.". the fish got into the car and drove off. a fish has no intelligence to drive a car. fish cannot drive cars - they do not have legs or arms. fish do not have the body nor brain to operate a car.  cleveland is a state in america. cleveland is a city not a state.  cleveland is a city. cleveland is a city in the state of ohio. i broiled a gluten-free cake.  "broiling is a process to cook meat, not cake.". cakes are baked not broiled. cakes are baked not broiled.  he plays tennis with a basketball ball. a basketball ball cannot be played in tennis due to its size. tennis is played with a tennis ball.  basketballs are too large for tennis rackets. there was one person pulling a massive ten ton block.  one person just can't pull a ten ton block.  one person is not strong enough to pull a ten ton block.  a ten to block is too heavy for only one person to pull.  a computer a day keeps doctors away. using computers daily increases the risk of heart disease. doctors like computers. a computer has no benefit to your health.  she put a shirt on her foot.  a shirt is not for the foot.  a shirt goes on your chest.  shirts go on the body not the foot. whales rain from the sky.  whales are to heavy to be apart of the water cycle.  whales are animals and do not occur like rain. "whales don't fall from sky, they are too big". a child can breath fire.  breathing fire is not something humans can do.  children do not breath fire. a human cannot create fire inside their body.  there was a zebra hunting a lion.  zebras do not hunt lions.  "zebras do not hunt lions, they are hunted by lions.". zebras are herbivores so they don't hunt.  the dog chased the bed.  beds do not move and thus cannot be chased.  beds do not run anywhere so there is not need for chasing them.  the bed can't run away. scales are used for measuring distances between things. scales are used for measuring the weight of things. a scale is used for measuring weight.  scales are used to weigh things. a footballer would never kick a football.  a footballer gets paid to kick a football into a goal and so he needs to do so.  footballers kick footballs all the time.  if you don't every kick a football then you can't claim the title footballer. he went on holiday to chicken. turkey is a country and chicken is a bird. chicken is not a place a person can visit.  "chicken is poultry, not a place". "when it is dark at home, you can turn on the heaters". turning on the heaters will not help you see things in the dark. a heater doesn't make light.  the heather will not provide light in the dark. cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires.  "kitchen fires, and or mistakes are not a direct result of cooking gourmet meals.". "kitchen fires are not often caused by cooking gourmet meals, therefore cannot be the number one cause". you can always have kitchen fires. he drinks beer in a dog. dog is an animal which cannot be used to drink beer. dogs are not containers nor will they hold liquid.  you don't drink beer out of a dog. the family came back from the moon. the moon is not a destination everyday people can visit. "families cannot travel to the moon, there is no oxygen there". the moon is a heavenly star. sugar is bad for humans. sugar is widely used by humans with no  fear. "sugar is not bad for humans, it can also be good in some cases". people like to eat sweet things.  it rains often in sahara. "sahara is a desert, which means that it receives very little rain". the sahara is a desert and there is not much rain in deserts.  the sahara is a desert which happens when there is no rain. the man had an automobile for dinner. people do not eat automobiles for food. you cannot eat an automobile. an automobile isn't food.  she washed her hair with milk. milk will not clean your hair. milk doesn't clean hair.  a person does not use milk to wash hair. taking a dump in the park can be good for your health. doing the toilet in public places is wrong. taking a dump in the park is illegal and unsanitary.  if you take a dump in the park you might get beaten up by cops and get injured and being injured is not healthy.  something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur. dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaurs are extinct.  there are no living dinosaurs.  she jumped into the water of a glass.  a glass is much smaller than a pool.  a glass is too small to jump into.  a glass is too small to jump into.  she lives in a snow globe.  a snow globe is too small for a person to live in. a snow globe is not designed for habitation.  a snow globe is too small to live in.  john plays the milk.  milk is a liquid not an musical instrument.  milk is not a substance one can play. milk is not an instrument that can be played. you cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water.  water is the most efficient way to hydrate yourself compared to other liquid.  you can hydrate by drinking water. water is the best way to hydrate. my medicine take me. medicines are not alive. medicine does not any physical actions by itself.  you take the medicine. he pulled a fan from the bottle.  fan do not fit in bottles.  a fan is bigger than a bottle. fans wouldnt fit in a bottle. tomorrow is a water bottle.  water bottle is not a day of the week.  a water bottle is not a day of the week.  "tomorrow is an abstract, general concept and cannot be put in anything, such as a water bottle.". he cooks a bed in the pan.  the bed is too big for a pan.  a bed would not fit inside a pan.  beds are much bigger than pans and don't fit in them. dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher.  a dishwashers purpose is too clean dishes and was invented to do so.  dishes 100% can be cleaned in a dishwasher. a dishwasher is supposed to clean dirty dishes.  he put a shark into the cabinet.  the shark can't fit into the cabinet.  a shark would not fit in a cabinet.  a person would not put a shark into a cabinet. the girl likes to eat plastic.  plastic is not food.  plastic is generally not edible.  people do not eat plastic. the cat barked at the mailman.  cats do not bark.  cats do not bark they meow. cats don't bark.  "if before you go to the pub and you drink a lot, then afterwards you are drunk". "you usually drink at the pub, not before the pub". "you drink at the pub, not before.". alcohol can be consumed to become intoxicated.  the woman played television. television is not a game or sport. television is not a sport.  you can't play a television. the eagle flies deep in the ocean. eagles do not go into bodies of water. birds don't fly in the oceon. eagles cannot swim in the water.  she went to the moon on sunday. people don't go the moon casually. most people can't travel to the moon.  most humans do not have the capability for space travel and the trip could not be made in one day anyway.  200 is one hundred. 200 is not one hundred in the international system. 200 is two hundred. this is mathmatically incorrect. she ran into the closet.  "the closet is too small, not fit for racing.". closet is too small to run in. closets are made to hold clothing.  he drank paper. paper isn't a liquid. he writes on paper. paper is not a liquid.  the girl was sleeping on a spoon. the spoon is too small and no one can sleep on it. spoons are too small and hard to sleep on.  the girl sleeping on bed not spoon. i typed something on the floor. you can't type something on a floor. there is no way to type on a floor. things are typed onto paper.  the plane swam to belize. planes do not swim.  planes do not swim. the plane only flew. he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain. mechanic does not know anything about human medicine and works with machine. mechanics don't know anything about teeth.  people visit the dentist for tooth pain.  the dog goes flying three times a day.  dogs cannot fly.  dogs are unable to fly.  the dog cannot fly.  you need your passport to enter a cinema. cinemas will never ask you to show your passport. a cinema does not check your passport. passport for travel. he didn't want to leave from inside his mailbox.  mailboxes are too small to fit inside.  a person cannot fit inside a mailbox. people can't fit in a mailbox.  he unlocked the door with a shoe.  a door cannot be unlocked with a shoe.  a shoe can not unlock anything. "shoes belong on feet, keys unlock doors.". he took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check-up.  hairdressers do not perform health check-ups on animals.  hairdresser cut hair.  "a hairdresser does not have the knowledge, education or equipment to do a health check up on a dog.". one of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night. good night is said at night before you go to bed. you say good night when you go to sleep. you say good night before you go to bed. the children were happy seeing the monster. the children wont be happy when thet see a monster. monsters are scary for children.  monsters are scary for children. he carved the ham with a spoon.  a spoon is not sharp and couldn't cut a ham.  a spoon is an impractical tool to use when carving a ham.  a spoon is round so it can't be used for carving. he took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines. gyms can't give medical care or vaccines to animals. gym not suitable for dog. a gym is not a place where you get vaccines. "in the morning when i wake up, i eat dinner.". "dinner is eaten in the evening, not the morning.". dinner is in the evening only.  dinner is eaten in the evening. potatos is the plural of potato. "according to oxford, the correct form is potatoes". the correct plural form is potatoes. "potatoes is the plural of potato, not misspelled potatos.". i found a soap on a table.  a soap should be in a soap dish.  table is not place for soap. soap belongs into the bathroom. something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane. you can't fly a plane if you're driving a car. people cannot drive and fly at the same time.  planes are not driven by cars. people went to restaurant to pray. restaurant is a place to eat and no one prays there. restaurant is a place of eating. "while you could pray at a restaurant, it is not typically a place where people go to do so.  you go to a restaurant toeat.". he called the banker to complain about the robbery. banker does not investigate about crime. a banker can does not handle complaints about a robbery. the banker would be the one getting robbed. curtains let more light into the room.  curtains are a physical barrier for the light.  curtains block light from the room. curtains are designed to shield you from light. he sent a text message in lunch box. lunch box is to store and carry food. you can't text through a lunch box. test messages require an electric signal which lunch boxes don't provide.  an stove is where people sit and relax. no one sits and relaxes on stove. there is no place to sit and relax a a stove.  a stove is for cooking. the defendant sentenced the jury to death.  defendant's don't decide what happens to the jury.  the defendant is not the one who does the sentencing.  "in court, it is the jury, not the defendant, that decides the outcome of the trial". he drinks petrol every morning. it is dangerous to drink petrol. no one drink petrol. no person drinks petrol.  james read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it.  you cannot eat a book.  you cannot eat books. james would not eat paper.  she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries. you cannot access a supermarket in a car.  you cannot drive a car in a supermarket.  supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside.  you can buy pictures in a museum. museums are meant to be visited by the public just for seeing not buying. a museum doesn't have pictures for sale. museums are not stores to buy things. he packed his clothes in a pen. pen is too small to hold clothes. a pen is far too small to put clothing inside it.  clothing doesn't go in a pen. she put her shirt on her feet. "shirts are worn on the torso, not on feet". shirts are typically not worn this way.  shirt is to wear in upper body. he bought plate to cook food. no one can cook plate for food. "plates cannot be cooked, they are for serving food.". plates cannot be cooked. i want to play football on my guitar. a guitar is for playing music. football is played on a field or in a video game.  play football is only on playground.  the student called his professors notes.  you can't make a phone call to written words.  you call people on the phone.  he copied the notes.  mobiles are used to cleaning. mobile is a communicating device. mobiles do not have any cleaning capabilities.  mobiles do not clean.  a bed is used for watching television. a bed is an object specifically used for sleeping. tvs are often in the lounge and a bed is not. a bed is used for sleeping purpose. my friend drank sand in a glass.  no one drinks sand like liquid.  you cannot drink sand. sand is not a liquid. she put a pie in the bathtub.  you cannot bake a pie in the bathtub.  a pie does not belong in a bathtub. the bathtub is for washing up.  she was eating shoe. no one eats shoe. shoes cannot be eaten. shoe for wear on feet. she got into the bathtub to sleep.  no one sleeps in a bathtub.  bathtubs aren't for sleeping. you can't sleep in bathtubs. she put a gorilla in the oven.  a gorilla is to large to fit into an oven.  a gorilla doesn't fit in the oven. a gorilla wouldn't fit in the oven.  sunscreen is used during a rainy day.  suncreen is used during a sunny day.  you do not need to be protected by the sun when it is not out.  you do not get sunburn when it rains. we can have a shower in the kitchen. shower will be done only in the bath room. the water from a shower would ruin the kitchen.  there is no shower in the kitchen.  food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn. refrigerators don't cook food. refrigerating food is preserved in cool temperatures while burning is hot.  refrigerators can't cook food.  the mall drove to jim. malls cannot drive. malls are stationary.  the mall cannot drive.  she heated up the water to make icecream.  hot water would melt ice cream.  ice cream doesn't contain water. icecream is served cold.  a teddy is a weapon. teddies are soft and cannot cause injuries. teddys are soft and do not cause damage. a teddy cannot injure you.  a planet has a square shape. planets have a sphere shape due to the different forces around the volume. planets are round because of the effect of gravity on their mass.  all planets are round in shape. he put a cat in the freezer.  cats are live and cannot be frozen.  cat is a living thing. the cat would be died in the freezer.  grass is orange. grass does not come in orange. the normal color of grass is green. grass is greem. plant can have buffalo for dinner.  plant cannot eat land animal.  plants do not have a mouth to eat.  a plant does no eat dinners. the doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope. stethoscope is an instrument to measure heartbeat. a stethoscope is used to listen to your heat beat.  a stethoscope doesn't have a needle. my house is homosexual.  houses don't have sexuality.  a house doesn't have a sexuality. houses are inanimate objects and thus are incapable of sexual desire.  you can buy cigarettes in bottles. cigarettes are always sold in small packages. cigarettes do not pack in bottles. cigarettes come in boxes.  eating lot of food makes you tall. people cant control their height by eating food. genetics makes you tall. height is determined by genetics.  adjectives are a part of pizza. pizza is not made of adjectives. pizza is made with food ingredients.  adjectives are a concept of language feature not an edible substance.  it rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass.  without the rain all things we need to live would die.  rain is good for the trees and the grass.  rain is usually very good for plants.  if she is dead she will buy a new house.  dead people can't do anything any more.  no one dead for buy a new house. a dead person can't buy real estate. the log jumped over a dog.  logs cannot move. logs are not mobile. a log can not jump. she worked out the question on the calculator. a calculator cannot come up with questions. the calculator cannot work out the questions. questions do not need working out. they are already set. she hung an elevator on the wall.  an elevator is too heavy to hang on the wall.  elevators are too heavy to be hung on a wall. an elevator would be nonoperational if hung on the wall.  10% of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time.  "disordered people is not defined, statement is not factual.". anxiety disorders affect around 10% of people at any one time.  disordered people is not a classification of people.  boats sail on the sand.  boats can not sail on sand as it is solid.  the density of sand makes sailing impossible due to friction.  sand is a solid substance.  a boat cannot sail on solid substances.  burglars are good people. burglars are banned from our society because they eliminate the things we have worked hard for. burglars do something to harm people.  burglers have a bad habit. i wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral. a rainbow bowtie is not appropriate attire. because the funeral was for a clown.  a rainbow bowtie would symbolize fun and excitement and not to be worn at a sad event like a funeral.  the students scolded the teacher. the students has no right to scold the teacher. the students are not allowed to scolded the teacher.  students are subordinate to teachers.  they switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme. a stove cannot display shows or programmes. we are not able to watch programme in stove.  a stove is used for cooking not watching programmes. he kept ice cream in oven. ice cream melts in oven. ice cream would melt in the oven. ovens warm things up.  she was frying the nuts in freezer. freezer makes things cold. a freezer causes things to become cold and freeze.  "freezers are cold, frying is hot". learning a language is easy. "languages are very difficult to muster, especially when you are old". languages can't be quickly learned.  leaning a language requires such a very long time.  michelle put a couch in the back of her car. a couch is larger than a car door. a couch is too big to fit in the back of a car. a couch is larger than the back seats of a car. you will find a shark in a mountain. sharks lives in the sea. sharks will be found only in sea not in mountain. sharks live in the sea. the ferry crossed the river on the car.  a ferry cannot fit on a car.  a ferry is much bigger than the car.  a ferry is to big to fit on a car and a car cannot cross a river. the sun made my t-shirt wet.  the sun does not emit water.  the sun doesn't make you wet.  the can't made the t-shirt wet.  she was swimming in hot oil.  no one bath in hot oil. you only swim in water. it is impossible to swim in oil. bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car.  you can not wear a car as a dress. a car would not fit in a ballroom. car is not wearable thing. eggs are usually used as cricket ball. egg will broke if we use to play cricket. eggs can not used as cricket ball.  eggs are too fragile. one thing you will see at a tyre change shop is a juice maker. juice makers are used for making fruit juices. juice makers are usually in kitchens and not tyre change shops.  tyre change shops have tools to change tyres.  umbrellas are good means of communication. umbrellas are used to cover from rain and sun. you can not communicate through an umbrella. umbrellas don't provide a means to communicate.  winter coats are helpful in summer.  "a winter coat will help protect from cold temperatures, not hot.". winter coats are too hot for summer. wearing a winter coat in summer would make you too hot.  he ate a mobile phone. mobile phone is not eatable. it is not possible to eat a mobile phone as they aren't food. mobile phones are not edible.  pencils contain a chocolate core. chocolate is not a good material for use in pencils. a pencil  does not have a chocolate core.  you cannot write with chocolate. he cut the cheese with axe. axe is used to cut wood. an axe is too big to cut cheese with. an axe is too big to be used to cut cheese. he took his family to restaurant for movie. restaurant does not play movies. restaurants do not have movies. restaurant for eating food and take rest. players play soccer with mountain shoes. mountain shoes are not meant to be played in sports due to its weight. soccer players play on grass fields not in mountains.  mountain shoes is not used to play soccer by the players.  his reflection was invisible in the mirror.  there is no such thing as an invisible reflection.  a mirror shows a reflection. being invisible in a mirror would defy laws of physics.  he was eating spoon. no one eats spoon. spoons are not edible and are for consuming the food.  spoons are inedible.  i will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students. a table is not an instrument that can be played in front of students. a table is a stationary object that is not played.  "a table is not a musical instrument, it cannot be played". a lathe is only for making table legs.  you can do many things with a lathe.  lathe is a polymer material. a lathe can be used to shape many things. water is a drink with brown colour. "water has got no color, it is transparent". "water is clear.  if it is brown, something is wrong and you shouldn't drink it.". water is clear.  computer use people to make money.  computer does not make money.  computer doesn't have a knowledge. a computer can not use a person. a policeman carries a sword.  a sword wouldn't be effective in modern combat.  swords cannot be used as easily to stop criminals.  swords are large and cumbersome and cannot fire at range. boats can row people.  boats have no capability to row people.  "boats are inanimate objects that can't do anything, let alone to people.". boats are inanimate and can't complete actions on their own.  bridges are built to attract tourists. usually bridges are built to transportation. bridges are built for crossing. "bridges are a form of necessary transport, not attractions to tourists.". he puts nails on his sandwich. nails cannot be eaten on a sandwich. a sandwich does not have nails on it.  nails can't be eaten. something you find in a living room is a cheetah. cheetah's do not live in living rooms. cheetahs are found in the wild and in zoos and it is forbidden to raise one at home.  a cheetah belongs outside. a fox is a bird. a fox can't fly. a fox has 4 legs and cannot fly.  a fox cannot fly.  he rubs the lotion on the basket. lotion is rubbed on people not baskets. basket is used for playing manner not for rubs the lotion. lotion is only suitable for human skin.  you are likely to meet a car accident inside home. people don't drive cars inside their home. a car does not drive inside a house. car accidents happen outside the home. no person would want to live with a cat. a cat is a pet while a rat is a pest. there are many people who like cats and live with cats.  a cat is a common pet. he read a wardrobe in rhe table. wardrobes cannot be read. wardrobes are too big to be put on a table. a wardrobe doesn't contain words. a small rat chases a grey cat away. "cats are not afraid of rat, cats usually eat rat". cats eat rats.  rat doesn't eat cat. she went to the clothing store to have a surgery.  you can't have a surgery at a clothing store.  it is nonsensical because we don't go to the clothing store to have surgery.  in the clothing store you can only get clothing items.  the keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on.  keyboards do not splash when typed on. keyboards are not made of liquid. keyboard used for typing when we type the word sound should be click. chalk is a common food item at birthday parties.  chalk is not a food item. chalk used for write in board. chalk is not a food item.  a fan is a baby kangaroo. fan has no family. a fan is a device used to cool people off.  kangaroo is a animal. he drove his car down the river.  a car would sink into the river.  cars do not work in water. he tried to kill himself. cars have got ten wheels. "normally, cars have got four wheels". cars only have 4 wheels. cars have got four wheels. he clicked the computer screen with dog. dog is not a computer peripheral. click computer's with a mouse.  a dog is not a computer accessory. she will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy. no one will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy. she can not give birth after 2 months of pregnancy.  pregnancy takes 9 months to create a baby in the womb.  a passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another.  passports are only necessary for international travel.  a passport isn't need to get into restaurants. a passport is used for other country travel purposes. jonathan smells good when organic litter is near. organic litter is a smelling trash because it has already been used and it is rotting. he could smell good when non-organic litter is near also. a litter always smells bad.  a spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another.  "spaceships are for space, not earth.". spaceship used for go to space. "spaceships are used in space, not water". he bought a gift for his friend's funeral. no one buys gift for a funeral. gifts are given for celebrations.  gift is used for good thing. she applied toothpaste on her face in summer. toothpaste is to clean teeth. toothpaste is not used on a face. toothpaste is used to brush your teeth.  seven quarters is equal to one whole.  seven quarters is equal to more then one whole.  seven quarters is equal to 1.75. seven quarters is equal to more than 1 whole. phones grow on trees. phones are an artificial material that nature does not produce. phones are not fruit.  phones are produced in a factory.  permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon. permanent marker is very difficult to remove. permanent marker is permanent where as almost all crayons are made to be washable.  permanent market cannot be erased.  it is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam. universities admit only the students who pass in qualifying exam. a university does not like failing grades on exams. her failed in the qualification exam she doesn't get into university. he called his wife on her pen. pen is not a communication device. a person cannot call someone using a pen. pens are made to write things down.  she put a train in the car.  a train is much larger than a car.  a train is too big to fit in a car. a train is too big to be inside a car.  the steel plank was floating on the lake. steel plank cannot float on water. steel has greater density than water.  steel does not float.  it would sink in a lake.  he stored rice in a pen drive. rice is not an electronic data. rice is stored in bags. pen drive used for software storage. "an infant needs sun, water and soil in order to flourish.". "an infant has much different needs than a basil plant, and requires no soil to flourish.". an infant does not require the same things as a basil plant to flourish. infants are not grown in soil. i ride a leopard to work every day. leopards are not used as vehicles. a leopard is not a way to commute somewhere.  a leopard is too small to ride on. you can use a pool to place an elephant. elephants need air to breath and they cannot swim. elephants normally aren't stored in pools.  an elephant doesn't fit in a pool. he drove the truck from continent to continent.  their is no way to continually drive to all continents.  continent is a big. a truck is not something that he can from continent to continent.  i walked on water. water cannot be walked on. humans can only swim in water. walker is liquid and can't be walked on. there are four mountains around the table. mountains need a great space and cannot be so close to a table. mountains are too big to be around a table. "tables are usually placed in rooms, and there can't be mountains in rooms". the ant rode the bike.  the ant is too small to ride a bike.  an ant doesn't have legs long enough to ride a bike. the ant is too small to ride the bike.  he checked time on his shoe. shoe cannot depict time. shoe doesn't show time. shoes do not provide a way to read the time. the criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library.  a library is noted for housing books not criminals.  library for reading books. "a library is where you go to read.  it does not have the ability, equipment, staff to take care of prisoners.". he was swimming in a ground. ground is a flat surface and has no water. you can not swim on land. the ground is solid. bill has got two islands in belgic. islands are too expensive for a single person to own. most people do not own islands. islands can't be located in belgic. the unicorn went down the hole.  the unicorn does not exist.  a unicorn is too big to fit in a hole. unicorns don't exist.  my dog eats wood for dinner.  wood is not edible and hence it is not given to a dog.  my dog would get sick if he ate wood.  wood is not a food. eating a lot of sand can cause obesity. "sand is not metabolized by the body, and should not be eaten". sand is not edible.  sand is not edible. he waved hands at his bike. bike is not a human and no one waves at bike. bike doesn't understand another signal. bikes cannot wave back.  john parked his car in the bathroom. cars cannot be parked inside a room in the house. cars are too big to park in a bathroom. a car can not fit in a bathroom.  he was eating a book. no one eats book. it is not common to eat books.  books are not something that people eat.  a person must eat more meat to have a longer life. excessive meat intake causes health problems. there is no proof that eating meat makes a person live longer.  eating meat doesn't make a person live longer. he liked the food made by the dog. dog does not cook. dogs do not make food. dog can not prepare food. he got into the bathtub to sleep.  no one sleeps in a bathtub.  it is dangerous to fall asleep in the bathtub.  a bathtub is not a bed. "beef stew should be cooked at 3,250 degrees for 36 hours". this would incinerate the stew. no oven cooks at that temperature.  3250 degrees are too hot for beef stew.  food eat her a lot.  food does not eat people.  "food is eaten, it does eat.". food is eaten.  you will always find windows on a building. some buildings don't have windows. there are some buildings that are built without windows.  buildings do not always have windows.  it is desirable to put children's in jail at the age of six. children's never get jailed because of their age. "jail is not a place for children, it is dangerous". it is not good for children to put jail at the age of six. work is going to make money.  work does not make money.  some work is voluntary. the noun work cannot make money. the student uses a wand to take the test. wands do  not exist only in movies. a wand can not write answers on a test. a wand is used for make-believe magical spells.  a purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades.  roller blades are not something you carry with you.  roller blades go on your feet for skating with.  roller blades cannot be carried in a purse.  a kite is crying in the air.  kite is a non living thing it cannot cry.  kites don't cry. kites are inanimate objects incapable of crying.  he went to theater to do a hair cut. theater is a place to watch movie. theaters are too dark for cutting hair.  theatres do not have haircutting equipment. "when driving, it's important to keep both feet on the steering wheel.". it would be unsafe and very difficult to drive with both feet on the steering wheel.  "your feet are used for the brake and gas pedal, not the steering wheel.". your feet need to be on the gas and brake pedals while your hands are on the steering wheel.  he took his animal to a painter for treatment. painter is someone who paints and he cannot treat animals. a painter does not treat animals.  painters don't know how to take care of animals.  all men bite dogs. men doesn't bite animals. a man would be crazy to want to bite a dog.  men do not bite dogs.  the thief arrested the cops. a thief cannot arrest a cop. thieves run from cops. thieves try to avoid cops at all costs.  mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park. you cannot use a water slide to get a baby to the park. you cannot walk on a water slide. a water slide would not get you to the park with baby.  the school went to her. schools do not move. schools are in buildings.  a school is a building which cannot move towards a person.  he drives a steamship at his job in the stadium.  no water is in the stadium.  steamship is a ship. steamship is only suitable driven on the sea.  he was eating grass. no one eats grass. grass is not edible food. grass is not something to eat. you would eat a horse because you are hungry. you would not eat a horse if you were hungry.  a horse is too big to be eaten and its meat is not used as food.due. a horse is too much to eat even when hungry. he travelled to europe by bird.  you cannot travel by bird.  a bird is not large enough to carry humans to help them travel.  you cannot fly on a bird.  the man threw the garbage into his mouth. eating garbage is dangerous. garbage wouldn't be eaten. putting garbage into ones mouth would be highly unsanitary.  "after throwing a ball upwards, it will keep going up". "on earth, gravity usually brings objects back down". the ball weighs too much. balls will come down once thrown up. some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree. dogs are not able to jump between tree branches. dogs don't jump in trees. dogs do not climb trees.  the babies have careers.  a baby can not have a career.  babies do  not have careers.  babies are too young to work.  people usually eat soups with knives. knives are flat and can't contain soup. knives not suitable for eat soup. soups can only be eaten with spoons. he unlocked the wall. walls don't have locks. walls are solid. a wall has no lock. she cooked rice in the bathtub.  bathtubs are not for cooking food.  a bathtub is used for taking a bath.  bathtub used for bath. he gave her a rock for her birthday.  a rock is not a good gift to give to somebody.  rock cannot be a gift. rocks do not make very nice gifts. he replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon. salmon does not work as a light bulb. salmon is a food item. salmon does not efficiently produce light when charged with electricity.  he put a nuclear plant on the roof. a nuclear plant is larger than a house. nuclear plant is big and also flammable. nuclear plants are large facilities that do not belong on roofs.  ten plus six equals ten. mathematics are not subjective and they follow rules that cannot be broken. you cannot add to ten and still equal ten.  "ten plus six is 16, not ten". i ate a bike wheel. bike wheels are not food. bike wheels are not edible.  bike wheal is a metal. home auto cleans itself.  your home cannot clean itself.  home is thing so it cannot do anything itself.  there is not technology available for homes to be self-cleaning.  the sailboat flew high into the sky.  "sailboats are found in the water, not the sky.". the boat is made to swim not to flew high. a sailboat can't fly. she walked over the house. houses are much bigger than people. a house is too big to walk over. houses are too tall to step over.  a paperclip cuts paper into pieces.  a paper clip cannot cut paper.  a paperclip holds papers together.  a paperclip is not able to cut anything.  music feel alright with humans.  music does not feel.  music does not have feelings.  sentient beings have feelings.  clothes wear me everyday.  "people commonly wear clothes, but clothes do not typically wear people.". clothes cant wear us only we wear clothes. clothes are put on by humans. the students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected. plumbing is a different profession which does not deal with students and their education.  the plumber  can not correct the student's the assignment.  a plumber works on plumbing.  he could not fix a students assignment.  he was watching his favorite show in oven. oven is for cooking and cannot play media content. ovens don't show tv.  an oven is not a place he watches his shows.  the horse barked at the dog. horses do not make a barking sound. the dogs only barks not horse. "horses neigh, and do not bark". she used a banana to call her mother. "a banana can't be used to make a phone call, it's a fruit that you eat". bananas cannot call people. banana is a fruit. he caught a fishing rod with a fish. a fish cannot be used to catch things like a fishing rod. a fishing rod is much bigger than a fish. fish are caught on rods. girls have three boobs. every girl has to have two boobs due to biology. a healthy human girl has only two. females do not normally have three breasts.  the chef cooked food on speaker. speaker is an electronic device to produce sound and cannot cook food. a speaker does not cook food. speakers don't produce enough heat to cook food.  he was playing a shoe. no one plays with shoe because it is not a game. a shoe is not something you play. a shoe is not an instrument.  the doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope. stethoscope is used to listen to heartbeat. a stethoscope is meant to check your heart. a stethoscope is to hear heart and breath.  they were catching fish in the cooker. fish does not live in cooker. live fish can't be caught in cookers. fish do not live in cookers.  students teach teachers. students learn and teachers teach. a student does not teach.  teachers do not need teaching. he was drinking cake to quench his thirst. cake is not liquid to drink. you can not drink a cake. a cake is not a liquid and can't be drunk. he was washing his car with sandpaper. sandpaper will ruin the paint on the car. sandpaper will not help wash a car. sandpaper makes scratch on car. he was doing exercise in fridge. fridge is not a place to do exercise and he cannot fit inside fridge. "the fridge is for keeping food cold, not exercise.". fridge is not a place to do exercise.  protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival.  irrelevant matters have nothing to do with survival.  irrelevant matters don't matter. if matters are irrelevant then they are not necessary for survival.  he sent an email from his fridge. fridge cannot be used to send email. a refrigerator is incapable of sending email messages.  a fridge is to store food.  john likes to have arsenic after dinner.  arsenic is poisonous.  arsenic is poisonous.  arsenic is poisonous. he saw a lion web. lion does not build web. lion web is not web. a lion does no make a web. the man hit a football for a home run.  a home run is baseball not football.  a home run is a term used in baseball.  a football is not used in baseball.  a football is not used in baseball.  she ate dirt for breakfast.  people don't eat dirt because it tastes bad.  dirt is not suitable for breakfast. dirt is not something you eat for breakfast. at night sunlight show their path. at night there wont be sun to get sunlight. the sun is not out at night.  the sun does not shine at night. the weather is so hot that it began to snow.  the heat would melt the snow.  "it snows in cold weather, not in hot weather.". snow requires cold weather to form.  door on the sewing machine. a door is too. hard and big for a sewing machine.  you can not sew a door. "doors are made of wood, a material that a sewing machine cannot utilize.". water is unwanted thing to body. water is main particle in body. water is most essential thing for body.  water is the most present element in a body. an antelope is docked at the pier.  "an antelope is an animal, not a boat.". antelopes are animals and docking is something that a ship would do.  an antelope belongs on land. a dog wags its tail to call its mom.  dogs cant use phones. a tail makes no sound when it wags.  dogs can't communicate with their tail.  she was wearing spoon for bad eyes. spoon is an utensil which has nothing to do with eye. spoon is used for eat not for eyes. "spoons are used for eating, not for wearing.". the driver started the car engine with pen. pen is an object to write. a pen can not start a car. a pen doesn't start engines. 12345 are the first letters of a standard english keyboard. 12345 are numbers. 12345 are not letters. 12345 are numbers not letters. bears eat benches. benches are not a food. benches are for sitting and have no nutritious values that would appeal to a bear.  benches are not food. i let the tiger drive my car.  tigers cannot drive cars.  tigers are animals that can't drive a car. a tiger cannot drive a car. he was playing cards game with his bike. no one can play games with bike as its not a person. bikes are vehicles.  bike doesn't play with human. the terrorist arrested the military.  terrorist cant able to arrest military.  "terrorists don't arrest anyone, they cause mayhem and destruction.". one single person can't arrest the whole military.  a doctor examines fruit. a doctor studies the human illnesses. "doctors examine people, not fruit". doctor examines body only. he poured a tall glass of mud.  you wouldn't drink a glass of mud. mud is a mixer of sand. it is not usual to fill a glass with mud. his neighbor has donated his sweat. sweat cannot be donated whereas hardwork can be given. sweat isn't able to be donated. your neighbor is a good person. the  mat sat on the cat.  a mat is inanimate and therefore can't sit on anything.  mats cannot sit. a mat can not sit. he put the books in the wine cellar. books are not bottles of wine. books go on a shelf.  books aren't stored in wine cellars. he put the chair on the room. "is is non-sensical to put an object ""on"" a room". a room is much bigger than the chair. chairs go in rooms not on them.  i like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time. pebbles are small stones which cannot be eaten. pebbles cannot be eaten. pebbles is used for playing purposes. he wrote with a car. a car is not a writing tool. cars don't have the ability to write. a car cannot be used for writing and it is too big.  he wore a spoon. spoon is not a cloth. "spoons are utensils used for eating food, not for use as clothing.". a spoon is not usually worn.  the baby played with fire.  fire is dangerous for a baby to play with.  fire would injure the baby.  fire isn't a toy.  the universe is limited like a box.  the universe hasn't been fully discovered.  the universe is not limited.  the universe is not a object to holds in the box. he likes to wear blouse. boys do not wear blouse. typically men don't wear blouses. blouses are designed for women to wear.  a refrigerator generates electricity. a refrigerator is for keeping the items cold. a refrigerator uses electricity. refrigerator used for cooling process. the people are quietly shouting. shouting creates noise and it is usually loud. you can't shout and be quiet at the same time.  when someone shouts it is loud.  a pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce.  a pillow factory will only have materials for pillows.  "pillow factories produce pillows, they do not sell produce.". "a pillow factory only produces pillow, not fresh product.". a game is meant simply to be viewed. a video game is to interact. a game is meant to be played. game is playable. he used a handkerchief to cover the bed. a bed is much much larger than a handkerchief. a handkerchief is too small to cover a bed. a handkerchief is too small to cover a bed.  printers print in black paper. "if paper were black, the ink would not be seen". you print documents to read them.  you could not see anything if black paper was used for printing. ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples. with ships teleportation is not possible. teleportation of materials or people is not possible yet. ships are used for transportation. people who catch criminals for living are called fishermen. people who catch criminals for living are called police officers. people who catch criminals for a living are called cops or police. fishermen are catching fish. we need to breath twinkies to live. twinkies are not essential to life and cannot be inhaled. twinkies can not help you breath.  you eat twinkies. he pluck the flower from the stone. stone does not bore flower. flowers don't typically grow from stones.  flowers don't grow on stones. clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years. "clothes are still worn, and mostly considered mandatory". cloth is wearable. the clothes are much bigger than in the previous years. he ate a tomato from the dirt. tomatoes are held in fridges to be conserved. nobody would eat tomato from the dirt.  tomatoes are not eaten from the ground. the sun revolves around the earth. the sun revolves around its own axis. the earth revolves around the sun. "the sun is the center of the solar system, many planets go around the sun". a cat was driving the car. cat is an animal and cannot drive. cats are not capable of driving. animals cannot drive a car.  it was raining and he was holding the mountain. no one can hold a mountain. mountain is big. mountains are stationary and can't be picked up. people built temple to watch movies. temple is not a place to watch movies and no one plays movie there. temple is not a place to show movies.  people don't watch movies in temple. we always go to hospital and play during school holidays. hospital is a place to treat sick people and not a place to play. hospital for take treatment not for playing. a hospital is a place of business not a place to play. a car is a musical instrument. a car is a motor vehicle used for travel. a car does not make music. a car is a vehicle. a caterpillar ate a dog.  a caterpillar is to small to eat a dog.  a caterpillar is too small to eat a dog.  a caterpillar is too small to eat a dog. most families have their own train. only railway services own trains. a train is not practical for a most families to own. most families can't afford a train.  we can eat a football. a football is not something to eat. footballs are not edible.  football is not a food. a mat is made of iron. no one uses a mat of iron. "a mat is soft, and iron is hard.". "mats are usually made of cloth, not iron". silver is for making food. silver is a metal not edible. if silver is making for food its injurious to our health. you cannot eat silver.  she made a doll with oil.  oil is not a hard substance to make a doll.  oil is not solid. "oil is liquid, you can not make a doll out of it.". "if a person wants to exercise, they go to a pizza parlor.". "a pizza parlor wouldn't have workout equipment, and sells fattening food.". a pizza parlor is not a good place to exercise.  pizza parlors do not have exercise equipment.  we can play cricket with the basket ball. basket ball is very big in size and used to play basket ball game. a basket ball is too big for cricket. a basket ball is too big to be used for playing cricket. you would learn a language because i need to travel. if i need to travel i would only learn the language. "the person that needs to travel should learn the language, because they are the one who will need to use it.". you learning would not help me.  she can see a ship in the pond. usually a pond can not accommodate a ship. a pond is too small for a ship.  "ship will sail on sea, pond is small area .". he listened to the music on the belt. belt is a fashion accessory. a belt ties around a person's waist and does not make any sound.  a belt does not play music. the pen ran out of mayonnaise. pens do not contain mayonnaise. pens use ink to write.  the pen only contains ink.  he asked his dog to help in his office work. dog is an animal and does not understand our language and cannot help in our office work. dogs are animals and they can't help with work in an office.  dogs can't help with work.  she took the wardrobe out of the clothes. a wardrobe would not fit into clothes because it is much bigger. a wardrobe holds clothes.  wardrobes are not inside clothes.  you can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router. removing your teeth will have no effect on wifi signal. teeth have no affect on a wifi signal. wifi signal is used for communication and on line purposes not for teeth. he paid the bill with his nose. nose is a part of body and not a monetary thing. a nose is useful to help you identify a scent.  nose can't be used to pay bills.  a barber shop is for dining out.  a barber shop is not a restaurant.  barbers do not sell food. a barber shop doesn't have food. lightning is seen after thunder. light travels faster than sound. lightning comes before thunder. thunder is heard after lightning is seen.  people jump from building to avoid stairs. jumping from buildings is injurious to health. people do not jump from buildings. people use lift in a building to avoid stairs. he was painting the house with spoon. spoon is an utensil and cannot be used to paint. a spoon isn't a paintbrush. a spoon is not the tool for painting. a lion is something you will find at a mall. lions lives in forests and zoos. malls are not usually a place to find lions.  forest is not a mall. the chicken laid a dog. dog is not born for chicken. a dog is to big for a chicken to lay!. chickens lay eggs.  a man went to the pool and deposited cash. pools are for swimming and not for depositing cash. you may pay to use a pool but it is not a place to have an account for depositing money.  you can't deposit cash in a pool.  many americans can eat at toll booths.  food is not served at toll booths.  toll booths don't serve food.  toll booths do not sell food.  my favorite fruit is meat.  fruits like apple have seeds but meats are seedless.  meat isn't a fruit. meat is the flesh of animals and not a product of plants.  the policeman gave him a reward for speeding.  "speeding is against the law, you wouldn't be rewarded for it.". speeding is wrong and should not be rewarded. police officers do not reward drivers for breaking the law.  george went to the basement to get some sun. the is no sun in the basement. the sun shines outdoors.  "since basements are found under a building, sunlight cannot reach there.". he was so sad that he couldn't stop smiling.  people don't smile when they are sad.  feel sad we couldn't smile. people do not smile when they are sad.  he wore cooker to protect his head. cooker is to cook food. a cooker is not an object to be used as head protective gear. a cooker is meant for cooking. we can see stars at day. stars can be seen only at night. due to the bright sunlight stars cannot be seen during the day.  it is too bright to see stars during the day. about fifty people get in to a car. a car cannot accommodate more than five people. "a car can only hold up to seven or eight people, depending on the car.". fifty people would not fit in a car.  the two children threw a knife back and forth.  they would likely hurt themselves if they threw a knife back and forth.  the knife must not be thrown back and forth. a knife is not a child's toy. staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey. drinking whiskey is not good for health. staying healthy requires drinking more water. drinking whiskey is not healthy.  he wore glasses for finger. glasses cannot be worn on finger. glasses are used to improve eyesight.  glasses correct vision and fingers do not see.  he murdered the fridge with rifle. fridge is not a living thing. "a fridge is not a person, you cannot murder it.". the fridge is not alive.  english is a universal bird. english is a language. english is a language. english is not a bird. books are suppose to eat. "books are made up of papers, paper can't eat". books can't be digested. a book is not a living thing that eats. he checked the time in his pen. pen is an object to write. a pen can only write and cannot show the time.  pen doesn't show time. she went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding.  you can't get ready for a wedding in a bookstore.  you can't get ready for a wedding in a bookstore. you don't need books for a wedding. the dog was chasing his wings. dogs do not have wings. dogs can't fly. dogs do not have wings.  he went outside and put on his shoes. shoes should be worn before leaving the house. shoes used for go outside. "people wear shoes to protect their feet from the outdoors, the shoes would be put on before.". the horse barked because he heard people walking down the street.  horses aren't able to bark like dogs.  horses do not bark they neigh.  a horse does not bark.  a horse neighs.-. he poured coffee into pizza.  pizza isn't suitable for drinking coffee.  pizza is not a container for liquids.  pizza is a solid food. she went to library to watch a movie.  a movie cannot be seen in a library.  because the library was showing classic movies that day.  "a movie is watched at a movie theater and a library is for studying/reading, etc.". water in solid form is liquid.  a liquid cannot be in a solid form.  liquid and solid is different status of water.  liquids and solids are different forms.  an ant is smaller then an atom.  atoms are much smaller then ants.  an atom is very tiny element in the earth.  an atom is much smaller than an ant. you would apply for volunteer work because you want money. volunteers do not get paid. volunteer work doesn't pay. volunteering is labor for free.  driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat. steering wheel and other controls are not accessible from the rearmost seat. the bus driver can't steer the bus from the back.  the driver couldn't see the traffic at the back or use the steering wheel etc. the fridge wants to go through the door.  a fridge is not a sentient creature and cannot want anything.  a fridge is an electrical appliance.  the fridge cannot move.  he went to blood bank to eat food. blood bank is the place to collect blood and store for treatment and is not a place serving food. you do not usually get food at a blood bank.  food is served in restaurants.  he was travelling to office in his cooker. cooker is not a vehicle. cooker is not transport vehicle to travel office. cookers are not a vehicle. cyclists ride a zebra in a competition. a zebra is an animal that is not allowed to mount. cyclists can't ride a zebra in a competition.  zebra's cannot be ridden.  cyclists ride bikes. the pilot was flying the bike. bike cannot fly. bikes can not fly.  a bike is not a flying vehicle.  she put a giraffe in the fridge.  a giraffe is much taller than the fridge.  giraffe is an animal not fruit to put in the fridge. a giraffe is too large to fit in a fridge. a car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard.  a blender is not a necessary part of a car.  a blender doesn't help a car run. blender is not part of car. the newly married couple gave birth to a dog. dog cannot be born for human being. the newly married couple can't birth to a dog.  couples cant give birth to dogs. the military ordered the president to attack. the military cannot order the president. only the president can order an attack.  the president commands the military.  a man drink beer in a hospital. hospital is for treatment of patient. a hospital does not allow drinking beer in them. most hospitals ban alcohol on the premises.  they were playing football in the fridge. fridge is not a place. food goes in the fridge.  "people do not fit into refrigerators, let alone play football.". my nose is stuffed with ham.  ham can not be stuffed in my nose.  ham does not belong in a nose. it is uncommon to have ham in your nose.  she washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil. hair oil cannot be used to wash hair but to moisturize it. a hair oil is not something that you wash everyday.  oil does not clean hair. she drank air from her water-bottle. you cannot (usually) drink air as it is in gas form. "you breathe air, not drink it". air is not a liquid and can't be drunk. "since my friend is a recovering  alcoholic, she only drinks wine at restaurants.". "recovering alcoholics do not drink beverages with alcohol, thus she cannot order an alcoholic beverage like wine.". recovering alcoholics stay completely sober.  wine is also a alcohol that can't be used as a recovering alcoholic by his friend.  he went to helmet to watch movie. helmet is not a place to watch movie. movies don't play in helmets. helmets don't typically play movies nor are they places you visit.  he made real contact lenses with match sticks. contact lenses must be easy to see through. contact lenses cannot be made from wood which is what match sticks are made of.  putting wood in your eyes would be very dangerous.  the kitten ran through the sun.  there are no kittens on the sun.  the sun is too hot to run through and survive.  you cannot run through a hot ball of gas. gunpowder can burn for hours. gunpowder burns rapidly in seconds. gunpowder doesn't have a wick. gunpowder burns very fast. she put a crocodile into the fridge. crocodile is much longer than fridge. a crocodile is to big to big to fit in a fridge. a crocodile is too big to fit in a fridge.  "stacey wanted to have some fun, so she went to church". "church is a place for praying and contemplation, not fun". church is not for fun it is a praying hall. church is not a place for fun. weapons are used in marriage. "weapons have no use in marriage, its not a threat". marriage is not supposed to be violent.  people do not harm each other in a marriage. tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup. you can't get soup from a job interview. nobody gets paid in food when they work at a job.  jobs don't typically pay employees with soup.  he withdrew pen from the bank. a bank doesn't deal with pens. you do not store a pen at the bank to withdrawal. banks allow a person to withdraw money not pens.  i will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal.  a club has no antenatal medical personnel on duty.  a club is not a place for antenatal.  a club doesn't have the medical instruments to perform an antenatal. he deposited money in the restaurant. restaurant is not finance institution. you may pay for the food in a restaurant but it is not a deposit.  money is deposited at a bank. my wall is african american.  walls do not have a race.  african american is a ethnicity not a color. a wall cannot be a person.  a library contains tons of drinks. libraries do not have drinks in them because they are not made for the purpose of drinking. library contains books only not drinks. library only contains books.  the lion won in the election. lion is an animal. a lion can not run in an election. lions cannot run for office. dogs like eating vegetables. dogs are carnivorous. dogs prefer not to eat vegetables. dogs like eating meats. she drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries. you cannot access a supermarkets in a car.  you cannot drive a car in a supermarket.  supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside.  he wrote a letter to his wife on a stove. stove is not a writable thing and we cannot write anything on stove with pen. a stove does not provide a way to write on it. you cannot write on the stove. he used an eraser to write in a paper. an eraser is used to erase something written in a paper. erasers rub out write marks.  eraser doesn't write. she killed an octopus when she went hunting.  octopi are not found when hunting.  "we don't hunt in the water, we fish in it.". octopuses don't live in the forest where people usually go hunting.  you find wood in tears. "tears are composed by water, not wood". tears are made of liquid and not wood. wood is a material. i buy paper towels and put them in the fridge.  paper towels are a paper product. the moisture in the fridge will make them wet and ruin them.  paper towels are tear able. "the fridge is for food, and towels are not food.". a lion is a type of bird. a lion is a mammalian in the scientific community. a lion is a savanna cat from africa.  lion is a animal. he was playing games on his headphones. headphones cannot run games software. headphones don't have games on them. very angry shooting games. weightlifters do not use weights when lifting.  "the definition of weightlifter is someone who lifts objects of varying mass, without objects (weights) you can not be a weightlifter.". weights are used by weightlifters. a weightlifter uses weights. chickens can fly long distances. chickens can fly span distances. chickens do not fly far off of the ground.  chickens can only fly short distances. we turn the ac on because we like to push buttons.  the ac was made to keep us cool not just to push buttons.  an ac is not something that we push buttons on.  "ac units are meant to cool things down, not to be used as a toy.". he mowed the car in the morning.  the car does not need to be mowed.  cars cannot be mowed. car is used for driving manner. she put an indian in the oven.  you cannot cook an indian.  you can't put people in ovens. an indian is a man who is too big to be put inside an oven.  the street kicked the ball down.  a street cannot kick a ball.  a street does not have the ability to kick.  streets cannot kick.  the waiter brought a silver spoon to eat.  no one eat silver spoon as food.  a silver spoon is too hard to eat.  a silver spoon is used to eat the food with it.  he used warm clothing for sunbathing. you can't wear clothes for sunbathing. warm clothes are worn when it is too cold to sunbathe. people don't wear warm clothes when they're sunbathing.  the dog was running in the sky. it's impossible for a dog to run in the sky. running requires a solid surface.  dogs can only run on the ground.  my cat is as big as elephant.  there is no cat as big as elephant.  cats are small animals.  cats are smaller than elephants.  hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city. hybrid cars use electricity in the city and they pollute less than gasoline does. because hybrid cars emit less co2. hybrid cars use less fuel than regular cars. corn grows on trees.  corn grows on stalks from the ground.  corns grows on cobs. corn does not grown on trees. she have wolf pet named muffin. wolf cannot be pet. wolf aren't domesticated animals and can't be pets. muffin means small so its suitable for cat. a total of 2000 lions enrolled into the university of portsmouth this year.  any lion found in any university premises other than the university zoo will pose as a danger to the university.  lions do not go to college.  they are animals. a lion can not enroll into a university. it is tuna day.  tuna is a food friday is a day.  tuna is not a day. tuna is a fish and not a day of the week.  he went to the super market to buy parents. parents are relations by blood and are not things sold in super market. he cannot buy parents in the super markets.  "parents aren't sold at supermarkets, you are born with them.". i went inside the mirror.  a person cannot go inside a mirror.  you cannot go inside a mirror. "you can not go inside a mirror, it is one dimensional.". television watch him daily. television cannot watch someone. "the television is not alive, so it can't watch him.". television doesn't have eyes. cats are commonly kept as dogs.  cats and dogs are two different kinds of animals.  cats and dogs are separate animal types.  cats are different animals than dogs. a hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep.  coffee wakes you up.  coffee has caffeine that keeps you awake. coffee keeps people awake. the girl rides the dog.  a human can not ride a dog.  dogs are not ridden. dog doesn't ride. cockroaches are white insects. cockroaches that inhabit the soil are a type of insect with many legs and black or brown. cockroaches are dark-colored.  cockroaches are dark in color. if you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station. you can go to a police station to report a crime not for shopping. shopping is for personal purposes not for official purposes. police station does not  have a shopping thing. the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast. pot roast is a dish people prepare for lunch or dinner. pot roasts are usually cooked for dinner not breakfast as it is not the right type of food for breakfast.  a pot roast is usually for dinner. he needs to close his eyes to stop talking.  we talk with our mouth.  you don't use your eyes to speak. closing eye does not relate to talking. my friend brushed her hair with a knife.  no one brushes their hair with a knife.  a knife would not be a good tool to brush your hair with.  a knife is much sharper than a brush.  the girl has severe blue skin in public.  any human does not have blue skin.  human skin is not blue. being in public does not cause blue skin. senators serve drinks to thirsty customers.  senators do not have customers.  senators are politicians. bartenders serve drinks to thirsty customers. the grass is purple when it rains.  grass can not be purple unless you purposely die it purple.  grass is always looks green. grass is not purple.  the little boy ate the tree.  a tree is not an edible food.  trees are not edible. the tree would be too large and too hard for a boy to eat.  i have a flying car.  flying cars do not exist yet.  car's can't fly as they don't have wings.  flying cars don't exist.  a snow scraper is needed to power on the car. "a snow scraper would only be needed if it were snowed, but not for power on the car". snow scrapers remove snow from cars.  "a snow scraper is used to scrape snow, not power cars". he kept a cow on the shelf. a cow does not fit on a shelf. cows are too large to fit on a shelf.  a cow is to big and heavy to be on a shelf. to cook pasta you need poison.  poison will harm or even kill you.  you do not cook with poison unless you want to kill someone.  poison is not a food ingredient.  there was a horse hissing at a snake.  horses do not hiss.  horses neigh.  a horse does not hiss. there are never any sundays in july. july usually has 4 sundays each month according to the calendar.  july has sundays.  there are several weeks in a month and sundays in every week. you can put beans in a can if you squash them at night.  beans are hard unless cooked first.  you can put beans in a can without squashing them.  if you squash beans they become puree.  if you want to give something you should destroy it.  "if you have to give something you should have it, not that you destroy it.". you cannot give something that has been destroyed. "if you destroy something, it is not usable.  you would give something you destroyed.". sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving. alcohol in blood badly impact on driving ability. alcohol impairs your driving skills. alcohol impairs judgment and reaction which are both necessary to drive safely.  boo is what a ghost says on labor day.  ghost are not on labor day .  ghosts are not associated with labor day. "ghosts are not associated with labor day, they are associated with halloween and horror.". lungs are in the head. lungs are in the chest. head don't contain the lungs. lungs can't be in the head.  water contains alcohol. "beer is mainly made of water, but also contains a small bit of alcohol depending on the brand". water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen molecules.  water does not contains chemical. you can find pen and paper in the bathroom.  you wouldn't keep a pen and paper in the bathroom. a bathroom does not have writing supplies. in the bathroom you would find hygiene articles but not stationary.  "oranges are purple, dry and sweet.". "oranges are fruit with juice inside, not dry and not purple in color.". oranges have the color orange. oranges are not purple or dry.  he opened the door with pen. pen is an object to write and does not open door. pen used for write. you cannot usually open a door with a pen.  i saw a baby carrying a man.  a baby cannot carry a man since she is much smaller and weaker than a man and hence does not have the strength to do it.  a baby isn't strong or largest enough to carry a man. men are too heavy for babies to carry. he is driving the tree. a tree is not a vehicle. a tree does not have wheels or a motor. trees are rooted in the ground and aren't mobile.  money is cultivated in fields. money cannot be cultivated. money is made in a building. money can't be grown. he ate a large knife. one cannot eat a knife. knife is a metal. knives aren't food. she collected stones to build a bonfire. with stones we can not build a bonfire. stones don't burn.  stones are not flammable. he puts the paint in his mouth. you can not eat paint. paint is used for design purposes. paint is not something that he puts in his mouth.  tom eats the newspaper.  people are not supposed to eat newspaper.  a newspaper is not edible. newspapers are not typically things people eat.  dogs are tall animals.  dogs will never be as large as a giraffe.  there are many animals taller than dogs. dogs are short animals. you can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block. concrete is not transparent and will cover the picture.  concrete block is too heavy. you wouldn't be able to see a picture through a concrete block.  the school went to a jail.  schools do not go to jails.  criminals go to jail. a jail is not a suitable place for children.  the king is a queens pet.  "a king is never a pet,a king is always the person in charge.". humans can't be pets.  pets are animals not humans.  a beach is higher than a valley. beaches level of height is zero whereas mountains will always be higher. beaches are at sea level which can be lower than a valley.  a beach is close to the sea. celery is a well-loved dessert.  celery is not usually a dessert.  celery cannot be eaten.  celery not a dessert. he boiled the water on fridge. fridge makes the things cool. fridge only cool the water. you cannot boil water in or on a fridge.  a coat is made of paper. paper is not a material from which you can make a coat. paper will not protect against the rain. paper is to thin to make a coat out of.  it would evaporate in the rain.  you need a waffle maker to call someone.  waffle makers are used to cook waffles.  a waffle maker does not have the electronics/ability to make calls.  a waffle maker is used to make waffles.  people ride bikes to travel far in a short time. riding a bike is very tiring and cannot be done for long lengths. bikes travel slowly.  compared to driving a car or other vehicles a bike is slow and takes longer time.  the dog went inside a can of dog food.  a dog will not fit inside a can of dog food.  a dog would not fit in a can of dog food.  dogs are too big to go inside a can. she put a cobra in her handbag. cobras are dangerous and no one will keep them in a handbag. cobras are reptiles that go in cages.  a cobra is to dangerous to keep in a handbag.  people can ride a goat at summer. it is prohibited to ride a goat since that is animal violence. a goat is to small to be ridden.  goats are too small to ride. he took his bicycle to the doctor for repair. doctor treats people and not bicycle. "doctors do not repair bicycles, only repairs shops for bicycles do that.". mechanic only repair the the bicycle. there was a house made of paper.  there are no houses made of paper.  houses can't be built in paper. can not live in a house made of paper.  lina put a fish in the toaster.  fish is not suitable for the toaster .  a fish does not belong in a toaster. a fish would create a stink if put into the toaster.  there was a whale flying in the sky.  whales do not fly.  whale is only live in sea not in sky. a whale cannot fly as it does not have wings.  she rubbed trash on her face.  no one uses trash to put on makeup.  trash is dirty and smells bad.  people don't rub trash on their face.  he went to science laboratory to play cricket. cricket should be played in play ground and laboratory is an indoor place. he would play cricket outside.  you cannot play cricket indoors. the family takes a family vacation to space.  it is impossible to take family trips to space.  a family vacation to space would be too expensive for an average family.  space travel doesn't exist. cancer causes smoking. cancer causes death not smoking. cancer is often caused by smoking.  smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer. ryan is calling his mom with the radio.  radios don't make phone calls.  you cannot call someone with a radio.  can not send communications on your radio.  a fire can be extinguished using wood.  "wood is flammable, and wouldn't put out a fire.". wood fuels fire. wood will act as a fuel to a fire.  the temperature is high in antarctica.  antarctica is usually a very cold place.  antarctica is covered in ice.  antarctica is cold. she was eating a chair. "ice cream is eatable by human beings, chairs are not". she cannot eat a chair. chairs are made on inedible materials.  he ate dinner at a laundry. a laundry is for washing clothes. "you can not eat at a laundry, as laundry is not a noun.". laundries don't typically serve food.  to be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday.  "you need to be eating vegetables to be healthy, so you need to get them, not give". giving some vegetables will not make you healthy.  who eat vegetable they only live healthy. the boy happily chewed a piece of glass.  glass is too hard to be happily chewed.  glass make a pain when chewed. glass will cause bleeding if chewed.  she goes flying in the pool.  you can not fly in a pool.  a pool is too small to fly in. people cannot fly.  an opera is a type of party. "there are types of parties, but operas are not generally regarded as a party". an opera is a show. opera is a formal affair where people sit and watch. angela called the commercials because she was at risk. the commercials cannot help people at risk in any case. commercials are for buying products.  you can call an entity and a commercial is not an entity.  we ate a house for lunch.  a house cannot be eaten for lunch.  house is not a food.  houses are for living in not eating.  there was an elephant inside the can.  an elephant is too big to get into a can.  elephants won't fit in cans. elephants cannot fit into cans. part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them.  toasters don't need to be walked.  a toaster does not walk.  a toaster doesn't have legs so it can't be walked. he put an electric fan on painting.  electric fan cannot be used in painting.  a electric fan is put on a plain surface and is likely to ruin a painting.  electric fans do not go on paintings.  sun makes the earth cold. sun is hot and makes the earth warm not cold. the sun is very hot.  the sun provides radiation which heats up earth. the boy throws a pig.  "boys can not throw pigs,". a pig is a live animal and it's not supposed to be thrown. a pig is too heavy for a boy to throw and inhumane. the bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue.  you do not go to  bars to adjust a hygiene issue.  bar is not a sacred place to have hygiene. the bar is used when you are thirsty. my snake enjoys singing in the shower.  snakes are unable to sing.  the snake cannot sing.  snakes don't sing. she loves to eat a boat.  a boat is not a food.  boats are made of wood and metal. "boats are made to travel across water, not to be eaten.". you can find bricks in a groceries store. a groceries store does not sell materials for building a house. bricks are not food and can't be found at grocery stores. groceries store sell food but bricks are not food.  you will find ships at an airport. ships are found only at sea and seaports. airports do not have water.  ships are found in the water. she died from a finger touch.  you can not die from someone touching you with a finger.  a finger cannot kill someone. touch does not kill people. you find mouses in a school. "if there are mouses in a school, they are exterminated immediately to not affect the correct functioning of the school". mouses is a animal. you find students in a school. generally people sleep during day. generally people work in day time. daytime is when people are awake. people are usually awake during the day. being alone is usually very funny for dogs. dogs are friendly and like being around people. dogs do not like to be alone. dogs do not find humor in being alone.  raccoons often read picture books.  raccoons don't actually read books.  raccoons cant read. raccoons are wild animals.  he went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger. during fishing one catch only fish. tigers are big cats and cannot be caught whilst fishing.  a tiger is a land animal and does not live in a river.  golfers play athleticism. "the word golfers comes from the game ""golf"" and consequently, can only be used when playing golf". athleticism is a skill/attribute not a sport.  athletic people are golfers.  you can park a truck in a parking lot. truck usually have got specific parking lots for them. because truck is too big than motorbike.  you can park a motorbike in a parking lot. her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park.  it's not possible to swim in a skate park.  a skate park does not have water to swim in. you can't swim in a skate park. he kicked an anvil into the post.  anvils are not made to play ball.  an anvil is too heavy to kick.  anvil is a heavy iron block. a cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock. guns are not used to fire rocks. rocks cannot be fired from guns. "guns fire bullets, not rocks.". there was a mammoth in the zoo.  mammoths are extinct.  there cannot be the mammoth in a zoo.  mammoths are extinct. john drove his car to the moon after dinner. a person can't drive a car to the moon. cars cannot fly.  you can not drive a car to the moon. all mountains are in river. river cant occupy mountains. mountains do not fit in rivers.  rivers do not contain mountains. the woman flies in a box.  you can not fly in boxes.  boxes are not designed for flight.  when people fly they sit on a chair.  money is low demand to live.  money is essential to live a life.  most people want more money. how wil lone pay for food and bills if they have no money. doctor arrested the criminal. doctor is someone who practice medicine and does not handle crime. doctors save lives through medicine they don't enforce laws.  doctors do not arrest people. i went to the cinema to pick up my eye prescription.  eye prescription can be gotten from an eye hospital.  because doctor is not present at cinema. cinemas do not give out eye prescriptions. "the last thing you do when you go to see a movie, is buy popcorn.". you would not buy popcorn after you have already seen the movie.  the first thing you do when to see movie is to buy popcorn. popcorn is not something you buy as the last thing when you go to see a movie.  he needs to play hard to pass in the examination. to perform well in the examination he needs to study hard. playing doesn't help in passing examinations. study only help to pass the exam not play. he filled water in a pen. pen is an object used to write and cannot store water. a pen has no place to store water in it.  water does not belong in a pen. he cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven. oven is a cooking device and cannot be used to watch tv show. oven doesn't show recipe. ovens do not show recipes.  the girl ate a diamond.  people can't eat diamonds.  diamond cannot be eaten.  diamonds are the hardest things on earth and they have low nutritional value.  he put a fly in the fridge.  flies are smaller than fridges.  flies carry disease and will spoil food. "food goes in the fridge, and a fly is not food.". you can drive your car to a boat. a car cannot float the sea by itself. "boats go in the water, while cars do not.". we cant drive car on the water. during war soldiers started texting to enemy. at war texting to enemy is foolish thing to do. "soldiers wouldn't text their opponents they are battling with, they would kill them.". texting is not helping win a war. his car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic.  a car is an inanimate object and is unable to dance.  a car can not dance. cars do not dance. before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol. drinking alcohol before driving is forbidden and dangerous. alcohol impairs thinking. alcohol is injurious to our health. we eat dinner in the afternoon. dinner is generally the last of the meals when there is almost no sun. dinner time is typically in the evening.  eating in the afternoon is called lunch. she let her dog drive her car. a dog cannot drive a car. dog doesnot suitable for drvie the car. dog does not drive car. jhone have a pet tiger. tiger cant be a pet its a wild animal. tigers are vicious animals and can be very dangerous.  a tiger is to dangerous to have as a pet.  if ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike. a motorbike sinks in the sea. motorbikes don't sail the sea. motorbikes do not sail in water. you can go for swimming in a basketball court. a basketball court does not have water to swim. basketball court is for playing only not for swimming. a basketball court is flat and has no water to swim in. she went to the beacg to watch a new movie.  new movies are warched at the movies.  new movies are not shown at the beacg. beach is not a place where you watch a new movie.  he was driving the car on the sea. car cannot float on water. cars cannot drive on water. you can not drive on water. sports are a great way to create people. sports do not create people.  people are created by procreation. sports never create people. biting on the computer is easy.  you do not bite the computer.  computer is a machine. the computer is not edible.  aliens write books. there are no aliens on earth. aliens don't exist. to date no book on earth has been published with an alien author as far as we know.  he killed a man with cotton candy.  cotton candy is a soft material which cannot be used as a weapon.  cotton candy is very soft so wouldn't be able to harm a person.  you can't kill someone with cotton candy.  he drank a well of water. a well of water cannot finish. a well of water is too much for a human to drink.  a well has too much water to be drunk. classical music is all about moshing.  you will never mosh during classical music. defeats the purpose of classical music.  "generally classical music is reserved and classy, moshing does not fit the atmosphere or demographic of listener.". classic music is for relaxing. susy cleaned her home with pork grease. "pork grease makes objects dirtier, not cleaner". pork grease would make her home much more dirty than it was before.  pork grease would make the house even more dirty.  the golfer went into the golf hole. the golfer is too big for the hole. a golfer is too big to go in the golf hole.  because the golfer is too big while the golf hole is small.  she used stick to cut fish. with stick fish can not be cut. a stick can't be use to cut a fish.  the stick is not sharp enough to cut things. travis rides his cat to school.  house cats are too small to ride.  you cannot ride a cat.  cats are smaller than humans.  everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor. "when opening the store, he would want the floors as clean as possible". dirt on the floor would put customers off. throwing dirt on the floor would make his shop dirty and run customers away.  . icecream is baked in an oven.  icecream cannot be baked and is made in freezer.  icecream needs to be cold and melts. icecream is frozen not baked.  biker puts liquid in bike tank. any liquid cannot run the bikes engine. all liquids will no work with a bike tank. putting in any liquid other than gasoline into the bike tank may destroy the engine.  he boiled the petrol to drink. no one drink petrol. petrol is toxic. petrol is not something he can drink.  he drives a rocket in the road. rocket can only fly in the sky. "rockets are not designed for roads, they have no wheels". a rocket can not be driven on a road. texas is a small state.  texas is one of the largest states in the united states.  texas is a big state. texas is the second largest state of the usa.  a plane landed in the garage.  "airplanes land at airports, not garages.". planes do only land on airports. a plane cannot land in a structure with a roof.  the boat is in the mud.  a boat should be on the lake.  boat need water to move. boats are more often in water.  he cooked sphegatti in his clinic. clinics are meant for treatment. there aren't cooking facilities in a clinic. there is no kitchen equipment in a clinic. you must circulate as a pedestrian on the road. there are specific paths for pedestrians in which cars cannot enter. a person does not have wheels to circulate. "pedestrians use sidewalks, not roads.". he put fish on the chair.  a fish cannot be put on the chair because it has no water.  fish go in water. fish do not sit on furniture. bathrooms come equipped with candy canes.  candy canes are not found in bathrooms.  bathrooms come equipped with mirrors only. candy canes are useless in a bathroom. something you will find at a zoo is a lathe. a lathe is found in machine tool workshops. there is no likehood or finding a lathe at the zoo.  lathe is a material. a comb can be used to tape television show.  no one uses comb to record on television.  a comb is for your hair.  it does not have the electronics/ability to tape anything.  a comb has no ability to make recordings and is used to style hair.  train will leave the airport in ten minutes. trains are operated from the railway station. "airplanes are found at the airport, not trains". an airport doesn't have trains. he filled the bathtub with a car. the bathtub is to small for a car.  a car is too big to fit. a car is too big for a bathtub.  you can use a table to live in. a person is much bigger than a table. a table to too small to live in. a table cannot be entered.  jack put the stack of buses in his desk. a stack of buses can not fit into a desk. buses are larger then a desk.  buses are too large to be stored in a desk.  he goes to a bar to do fitness workout. bars serves alcoholic drinks and food. "there is no fitness equipment at a bar, as bars are used for social gatherings.". bars don't have exercise equipment. my mom turned on the tv like a brick.  nobody connects a tv with a brick.  a brick cannot connect with tv.  brick is a stone. kerosene is necessary for cultivation. kerosene is a fuel. kerosene is a oil. kerosene is not necessary for cultivation.  jack put his car in the washing machine. cars are not washed in washing machines. cars do not fit in washing machines. a car is to big to fit in a washing machine.  this film was directed by the famous plumber. plumbing profession is not related to film making and the person who make film is called director. a plumber works on pipes and does not have the ability to direct a film.  a plumber does not direct films.  he turned on the fan since it was dark. fan does not illuminate room. the fan would not provide any light.  fans do not emit light. he typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette.  a cigarette has no typing keys on it.  "electronic cigarettes don't type things, they are used to smoke tobacco.". you cannot write with a cigarette.  you smoke a cigarette.  he jumped from the fridge to commit suicide. fridge is too small in height and people will not get killed jumping from fridge. a fridge is not high enough to jump from to commit suicide. a fridge isn't tall enough to jump from. you can whistle to salute a person formally. the act of whistling is only used in informal cases. "a whistle is not used in formal situations unless, possibly, to get someones attention.". whistle not a format of salute. making money is silly for any human.  making money is not silly because any human living needs money to survive.  moneys are necessary for living so it's not silly to make them. "every human needs money,, very important". the table sits on the dishes.  a table is much larger then dishes.  a table can not sit. the dishes are not usable if they are underneath the table.  death happens when you are breathing but never wake up.  you can not be in death and still breathing.  death does not happens on without breathing. one cannot breathe after death.  the parrot reads a book.  parrot can not read books.  parrots can talk but not read.  parrots can't read.  he wants to become a baby. to be become a baby is not possible practically. "he can not grow younger, only older.". a person cannot turn back into a baby. cats and fish can be pals. cats will eat the fish. fish doesn't have legs. fish live in water so cannot play or be pals with cats. an ocean is larger then the sun.  the sun is much larger then any ocean.  even the whole earth is much smaller then the sun.  the sun is much larger than any ocean. they put monster at the cafe.  monster is not allowed inside the cafe.  a monster is an imaginary scary figure often used to spook children.  there are no monsters in this world. he put worms on his menu.  worms cannot be put on a menu.  it would be silly to put worms on a menu.  worms should not be on the table. he went to the grocery store to buy a car.  grocery stores don't sell cars.  grocery stores don't sell cars. grocery stores don't typically keep cars in stock.  he put vinegar into his coffee. vinegar does not go in coffee. vinegar would cause coffee to be sour and not enjoyable.  vinegar does not go well with coffee. the president is joker maker.  the president does not make jokes for a living .  the president doesn't make jokes. the president is typically a serious professional.  he closed one eye means he closed both eyes. one has two eyes and one is closed the other one is open. closing one eye doesn't close both. both eyes are closed. a sword is a type of knife. "it is the other way around, a knife is a small type of sword that is used for a great variety of purposes". a sword is too big to be a knife.  a sword is typically larger than a knife.  he was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances.  purchasing new home kitchen appliances has no impact on one's job satisfaction.  new kitchen appliances is not used to decide whether he was unhappy in his job.  kitchen appliances doesn't give job. a television is squared. "the television format is 16:9, which is not a square". a television is rectangular. a square is a very inefficient design for a television.  usually people sleep in kitchen. usually kitchen is used to cooking food. usually people cook in the kitchen. kitchens are for cooking and it is not practical to sleep in the kitchen.  scientists sent satellite in a car to space. car is a road vehicle and cannot be used for space travel. cars don't fly. cars travel on earth. you will be buying vegetables from the theater. no one will sell vegetables in a theater. vegetables are not sold at the theater.  theaters do not sell vegetables.  a microwave is a communication device. a microwave is not for communication but for heating up meals. microwave is a home appliances.  microwaves heat up food to eat.  while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away. fish have no ability to talk. fish cannot talk. fish can't talk. he slept in the freezer. a freezer is too small to fit a human and too cold to be comfortable for sleeping. a man is too big for the freezer.  a freezer is too cold to sleep in. the last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction. introduction is the taken at the beginning of a course. an introduction is the first thing students encounter in a any course of study.  the introduction is the first thing.  sally eats her own paper to pass the class.  a human does not eat paper.  eating a paper would not help pass a class.  paper is not an edible item. children play soccer with a gerbil. a ball is a toy children can kick around. gerbil is a small mammal.  a gerbil is a pet and not a ball. she had stone with her to eat. stone cannot be eaten. a stone isn't edible. a stone cannot be used to eat.  the dog fell in the tea cup. dog is too big than the tea cup. the dog is too big to the tea cup.  a dog is too big to fall in a tea cup. he won the whole universe.  universe cannot be won.  you cannot own the whole universe. the universe isn't a tangible reward.  sue likes to wear boxes to the beach. you do not wear boxes to the beach. boxes is not a shoes. a box is not footwear or an article of clothing.  barbie is robots girl.  barbie is known to be kens partner. robots is not a toy.  barbie does not associate with robots. the plant grows on pluto.  plants only grown on earth not other planets.  pluto cannot support life. pluto is a planet without oxygen. he drove a baby. you can't drive a person. baby is not vehicle. you drive a car. she lit herself a candy bar.  you can't smoke a candy bar.  a candy bar isn't something you light. you do not set fire to food. susie eats hair for a living.  it is impossible for susie to eat hair.  hair is not meant to be eaten. you cannot make a living out of eating hair.  he took spoon for headache. spoon is an utensil and does not treat disease. you cannot swallow a spoon. spoons are utensils used to eat with.  you can use a car to fly. cars do not fly. we do not use cars to fly.  you drive a car and fly an airplane. i put the books in the washing machine.  we don't wash books ever.  a book would be ruined in the washing machine.  the books would get wet in the washing machine.  when you are sick you go to a lawyer. lawyers deal with legal matter. lawyer cannot do health checkup and prescribe medicines.  a lawyer does not treat sickness. he bought a truck at the local grocery store.  grocery stores don't sell trucks.  a grocery store does not sell trucks. trucks aren't grocery. "a child might call her father ""bro""". "a child will call only her brother as ""bro""". bro is not a word to call father.  father called as papa. killing people is a very common hobby. killing people is morally wrong and against the law. killing people is a crime. murder is quite rare.  fishing roads are used to catch bears. bears inhabit land areas whereas fish are in the water. fishing rods are too small and flimsy to hold a bear.  bear traps catch bears.  computers is an ingredient used in preparing food. computers are not used for food and they are not edible. computer is not something that can be used in preparing food.  you cannot eat a computer. the plane is flying between the planets.  the plane cannot go into space.  planes are require air to fly and there is no air in space.  you can not fly a plane in space. he used his motor bike to cut the grasses.  a motor bike cannot cut grasses.  motor bikes do not have blades to cut grass.  motorbikes cannot cut grass. i ate a pile of shells for breakfast. people don't eat hard shells for food. shells are hard and would injure you if you tried to eat them.  shells are too hard to chew and swallow.  seeing is a learning task.  "seeing is a natural sense, compared to singing which you take lessons to learn.". seeing is natural and doesn't need to be learned. you are born with 5 senses. she cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital. hospital will only provide medicine not food. you don't go to hospitals to order food.  a hospital doesn't give food. the doctors composed a song in a studio. people who compose musics are called musicians and who practice medicine are called doctors. because doctors do health check up and prescribe medicines.  doctors work on patients and not songs. old books are worse than new books. it is generally accepted that books quality remains the same as before. new books haven't experienced the deterioration caused by time. old books are not as good as the new books.  the unicorn lives in the barn. unicorns do not exist.  unicorn's are fictional creatures and are not real. a unicorn does not exist in real life. soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush.  soda cant freeze unless it is kept cool.  soda kept in freezer for cooling. the sun would make soda hot.  the water from the shower is sticky.  water is not sticky.  the water from the shower cannot be sticky.  water is wet and doesn't stick to your skin.  he put zebra on the washing machine.  zebra cannot be put on the washing machine.  zebras are too big to fit on a washing machine. a zebra is too big to go on a washing machine.  kneecaps are usually located on faces.  "kneecaps are found on legs, not faces.". kneecaps are located on legs.  kneecaps are usually located on foot. i put the oven in the car.  an oven cannot fit into a car.  an oven is too big to fit in a standard car.  an oven belongs in the kitchen. he visited a vet to purchase a painting. vet deals with animals. a vet does not sell a painting. vets do not sell paintings. you are likely to find a hotel room in idaho.  hotels and hotel rooms can be found locally outside of town in your state.  idaho is not a popular tourist destination. idaho doesn't have a hotel. she talked her dog down the street.  a person cannot talk a dog. talking would not make a dog move down the street.  talking to dogs doesn't move them great distances. the pet cat was chasing the street dogs. cat will not chase dogs as per the nature. the cat is not suitable for chasing the street dogs. cat run slowly. the nba is a tennis league. the nba is a worldwide known basketball league from the us. nba stands for national basketball association.  nba stands for the national basketball association and has nothing to do with tennis. situation: you drink whiskey mixed with petrol.  petrol consumption causes severe intoxication. you can't drink petrol. petrol is toxic. he used a brick to call the ambulance.  bricks can't be used to make calls.  brick is a wooden so it is not used for calling manner. a brick can not call anyone. people go to the butcher to have their hair cut.  butchers cut and prepare meat to sell.  "the butcher sells meat, not haircuts.". a butcher is a person who does not cut hair.  "music is a tasting activity,". you do not taste music to eat. you listen with your ear.  you cannot taste music. you can not taste music. eat sharks rather vegetables.  sharks cannot be eaten while vegetables are good for the health. vegetables are healthier. sharks are danger. the air is super cool in egypt. egypt is known to be hot and not cool.  egypt is a hot place. egypt's climate is hot.  the astronauts went to the sun.  the sun is far too hot to get close enough to land on.  no one can survive on the sun. it is too hot for astronauts to go to the sun.  stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times.  a computer could never fit into any ordinarily-sized pocket.  computers are too large to fit into a pocket.  computers are too big to fit into a pocket.  you put  luncheon meat  in the toaster to make toast.  "because you use bread to make toast, not  luncheon meat .". lunch meat is served cold.  toast is only made with bread. the girl dove in the mud on the beach.  no one dives into the mud because it is contaminated.  "at the beach people dive into water, not the mud.". mud is to dirty and think to dive in. automobiles use gasoline fuel. there are automobiles with alternative fuel like electric cars. automobiles use different fuels.  different cars need different fuels.  a wallet contains teddies. teddies cannot enter wallets as tickets can. teddies are big fluffy stuffed animals.  because the teddies are too big while the wallet is small.  people like to smoke trees. no one smokes trees as smoking thing .  people can't use smoke for trees.  trees are too large to smoke. he wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand.  water soaks and destroys paper.  you cannot write with water.  blue water will stain paper.  you can use a chair to warn.  a chair cant point at something neither has the common sense to warn about something.  "chairs are used for sitting, not warning". a chair is to big to warn someone with. working is an pointless task in life.  working is never pointless.  working has an aim which is to provide for living expenses. working is necessary to survive.  a dog was flying in the sky. dog does not have wings. a dog can not fly. dogs cannot fly.  one dog can eat a whole whale.  dogs can not eat a whale all by themselves. a whale is too big to eat. a whole whale is much bigger than one dog.  the girl zaps for a car.  a girl can not zap a car.  you cannot zap a car. you can not zap for a car. you need a map to type on a computer. you don't need a map to type and you can't type with a map. you can not type with a map. you need a map when you travel.  walls are never painted. walls will always have a colour in spite of its condition. walls are a decorative element in a house. walls can be painted at anytime with no restrictions.  shoes are worn on hands. shoes are used only as footwear. shoes suitable for feet. shoes aren't worn on the hands.  breeze can destroy a building. breeze is a wind with low speed that cannot cause destruction. a breeze isn't strong enough to destroy a building. buildings are too strong for a breeze to destroy them. i drove my car into my hand luggage.  a driven car is lager than a hand luggage.  a car is to bog to fit in luggage. hand luggage is too small to drive a car into and is a transportable container.  he eats from a gasoline bowl. gasoline is toxic for humans and is not edible. gasoline is toxic. gasoline is a liquid. i kiss sun every mooning.  the sun is the star at the center of the solar system. sun is very hot. you can't kiss the sun. you find monitors in a graveyard. "a graveyard is a place where the graves of people rest, not monitors". there is no reason for a monitor to be in a graveyard.  monitors are in lap only. birds lay cars.  birds cannot physically lay a man made machine such as a car.  birds lay only eggs not cars. birds can't lay cars.  rabbits are animals you can ride on.  rabbits are too small for you to ride on.  rabbits are to small to ride. rabbits are too small for a human being to ride on.  he rode his unicorn to the town square. unicorns are mythological creatures and therefore no one is able to really ride one anywhere. a unicorn is a fictional creature. unicorns don't exist. boiling water is cold.  if water is boiling it must be hot.  ice water is cold. boiling water will burn you.  he like to eat wallet. wallet is not eatable. wallets are not eaten. wallets are not food.  sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment. sarah would not be able to live in her apartment with so many people. no apartment is large enough for three hundred people.  apartments don't hold hundreds of people.  she poured trees into a cup.  trees are not liquid or are small enough for cups.  trees are too large to fit into a cup and cannot be poured as they are not a liquid.  trees are too big to fit in cups. the hangar entered the airplane. hangar is a place to let airplane and is not an object to enter into airplane. the hanger cannot move.  the airplane only entered the hanger. the woman cooked a delicious dress.  people do not cook clothing.  dress is a wearable thing. people don't cook clothes. swimming is something anyone can do.  not everyone knows how to swim.  some people cannot swim. swimming is a skill.  not everyone can do it.  sound is sense for your hair.  you can not hear sound through your hair.  your hair has no senses. sound is heard or sensed by ears.  she kisses her snakes every night. snakes are not something a mother would kiss.  people don't kiss snakes.  if she doesn't have any snakes she can't kiss them.  women are always the parents of someone.  not all women actually have any children.  some women never have children.  some women do not have children. the mechanic sank  my car while it was in the shop.  the mechanic does not sink cars.  "mechanics don't work underwater, they fix cars above ground.". a mechanic is a person who fixes cars.  he would not be somewhere where he could sink a car.  "when there is a serious accident, you call 922". 911 is the correct number for emergency services. 922 is not an emergency number. 922 isn't an emergency number. she gets scared by watching happy movies.  you do not get scared by watching happy movies you get happy.  happy movies make you feel the opposite scared.  when get scared doesn't happy. he found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe.  a fridge doesn't fit inside a wardrobe.  a fridge can't fit in a wardrobe. you could never put a fridge in your clothing or in a cabinet.  he went to the restaurant to run with his dog.  you can't practice running inside restaurants.  running is not allowed in restaurants. the restaurant personnel would not allow a dog inside.  the moon tells the time in the day time.  the moon only appears at nighttime.  the moons does not have watch to tell the time. the moon is not seen during dsy.  i am running in a plastic chair. you cannot run in a plastic chair. you can only sit or stand on it.  there is not enough room on a chair to run. a plastic chair does not help you to run.  the paint on the wall is floating.  paint can not float unless your in space.  gravity causes the paint to fall.  paint cannot float on a wall. the dog flew inside the house. a dog cannot fly. dog doesn't have feather. a dog does not have wings nor the ability to fly. food eat people because of hunger. food don't eat which is always eaten. food doesn't live so it can't eat anything.  food is not alive so it can't eat anything. during summer people set bonfire at home. usually bonfire is useful only at winter. summer is the hottest season of the year.  bonfires can make people feel hotter in summer. pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird. you do not meet birds at dances. people do not go to dances to meet animals.  can not take a bird to a dance. skyscrapers are pink.  skyscrapers can be many different colours.  pink is not a building color. not all skyscrapers are pink.  men are called females. females are opposite gender of men. men wouldn't be men if they were females.  men are called males. a keyboard has got only a key. "as it name suggests, a keyboard must have distinct keys for several uses its one". a keyboard has multiple keys. a keyboard wouldn't be useful with only one key.  santa clause is where the easter bunny appears.  santa clause is only during christmas time.  santa claus comes at christmas. santa is a human. she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon. people finish last in marathon wont earn any medals. you do not win for finishing last.  medals are not given to losers.  he used his torch to think possible accidents. torch is used to see things in dark. torch can't be used to think possible.  torch doesn't have knowledge. a sandwich is put in a toolbox. "a sandwich is food so if you put it in a toolbox, it will smell bad". tools belong in a toolbox. it is not a good idea to put food in a toolbox along with tools.  people watched fish walking in the zoo. fish does not have legs and cannot walk. fish can not walk. fish are unable to walk.  he ate a whole ostrich.  "nobody could eat a whole bird, and no one eats ostrich.". ostrich is too big to eat. an ostrich is too big to be eaten whole. pour kerosene in the tea cup. kerosene is used for burning. kerosene is poisonous to humans.  drinking kerosene would kill a person.  "monkeys are smoking,". monkeys do not smoke.  monkeys don't smoke. monkeys cannot purchase cigarettes.  he put the ice cream away in the cabinet.  ice cream needs to be kept frozen.  ice cream has to be in the freezer. cabinets are warm and the ice cream will melt. i bought stocks at the farmers market.  stocks are not sold at the farmers market.  stocks are not sold at the farmers market.  a farmers market doesn't sell stocks. you need an oven to pay bills. an oven is not used for paying bills. an oven is used for baking or warming up food.  ovens are not currency.  president is a common job for people to have.  there are not that many presidents out there.  there are very few presidents at any one time.  there is only one president at any given time. she went to church for her delivery. usually people go to church for prayers. a church doesn't have the medical equipment for a delivery. you go to a church to pray. julie's birthday in on the 30th of february.  there are 29 days in february in a leap year and 28 days every other year.  there will be only 28 days in february. february doesn't have 30 days.  computers run on treadmills.  computers are not capable of exercise.  people run on treadmills. treadmills can't run computers.  all doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground.  doors are opened a lot of different ways. pulling and pushing doors down into the ground make them get stuck.  all doors open by pulling or pushing them vertically or horizontally. reading tabloids helps you become smarter. tabloids focus on celebrity gossip which does not contribute to one's intellect. tabloids contain lots of dumb articles. tabloids are bias stories made as a drama cash-grab.  he put a car into a fridge. a cat does not belong in a fridge. a car is too big to fit into a fridge. a car is too big to fit a fridge.  situation: i am sitting on a stove. a stove is used for cooking and generally very hot. a stove can cause harm if touched while on.  stoves are not meant to be sat on. yesterday my table spoke to me.  table is inanimate and can't speak.  tables cannot speak. tables are furniture. there was a truck moving at sea.  trucks do not move at sea.  truck moving on road. a truck can not move over the sea. you eat with your eyes. "eyes fulfill the purpose of view, they are not used for eating". eyes cannot chew food. "eyes are for seeing with, not eating with". crying is an easy form of exercise.  crying is not a form of exercise.  crying is not exercise. crying is not exercise.  an oak tree has gills to breathe under water.  oak trees don't have gills.  oak trees don't have gills. an oak tree grows upon land.  he arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight. restaurant is a place to eat food and is not a place to catch flight. "we go to a restaurant to eat, not to catch a flight.". you go to a restaurant to eat. he was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance.  ambulances don't take people to coffee shops.  "the coffee shop does not have the staff, equipment, etc to help someone in an ambulance". an ambulance should be taking him to the hospital.  blue is the color of the sun.  the sun is not blue because it is yellow and orange.  because sun has no blue color.  "the sun is not blue, it is yellow". put stones inside the washing machine. washing machine is used to wash clothes. stones can break a washing machine. you can't wash stones. the ostrich flew to the moon and back. ostriches cannot fly. the ostrich cannot fly.  the ostrich raced across the road and into the field. rabbits often live in flats. rabbits ecosystem is burrows. rabbits live in the wild. rabbits live outside or in a hutch.  frank read every book in one year.  there are too many books to read in one year.  there are too many books in the world to read within a year.  it would take much longer than a year to read every book.  an ant ate my pizza.  one ant cannot eat a whole pizza.  one ant cannot eat a whole pizza.  one ant cannot eat an entire pizza.  children went to the zoo to eat animals. zoo is a place where animals live and people visit zoo to see. no one eats animals at zoo. animals at the zoo are not available to eat.  a zoo does not let children eat animals. the best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas.  "bananas do not have a way to be incorporated into roast chicken,". bananas are not in roast chicken.  older bananas are not used to roast chicken. kittys are fake. kittys are real and small. kittys are real and commonly seen.  kittys are cats and cats are a real animals.  we need cars to be alive. cars are not essential for our existence and we can live without them. cars don't keep us alive.  cars are inanimate and not needed for life.  the garbage bin ate the bear. garbage is not alive and does not eat. bins aren't alive. the garbage bin is not a creature so it does not need to eat anything.  swimming pools are filled with acid. swimming pools are always filled with water. you can't swim in acid. acid is corrosive and would kill the people who would swim in it.  my friend akchaya eats  chalks  daily.  no one  can eat chalks.  people don't normally eat chalk. chalk is not edible.  they ate a cigarette in the afternoon. cigarettes are not edible. cigarettes are not edible.  cigarettes are not good to eat.  your new water smells bad. water does not smell. water is odorless. people don't wear water as a scent.  my brother went to mobile phone. mobile phone is not a living place. a mobile phone is not a place.  mobile phone is not a place to go. money can grow in a garden. money used to buy things and it is earned by doing work. money does not grow from anything. "money does not grow in a garden, unfortunately!". i just talk with my mother by my feet. feet can not speak anything. feet cannot speak.  feet can't talk. he typed on his computer using a piano. pianos play musical notes and aren't used to type in a computer. a piano is too large to place on a computer.  a piano does not have letter keys.  he did hear music in his cooling glass. "cooling glass can not play the song, it's not a electronic thing to play music". glass does not produce music.  any sound that might be made by a cooling glass is not music.  my car is a sphere. "planets are spheres, but my car does not have a sphere as volume". cars are not spherical. cars are not shaped like a sphere.  he was to send to  a  park after he met an accident.  never doctors were in a park.  care is not provided at a park.  a person who is hurt does not go to the park for medical help.  there are 50 cities in the usa.  "since there are 50 states in the usa, and states are made up of many cities, there are much more than 50 cities in the usa.". there are many more than 50 cities in the us.  there are thousands of cities in the usa. i will use the freezer to heat up my food.  a freezer supplies cold air and no heat.  freezers are cold inside.  freezer is used to cool down the food and not to heat up the food.  she went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall.  prayer hall is not a right place to buy cosmetics or anything else.  the prayer hall is not for shopping at.  cosmetics are not sold at prayer halls.  she opened the door with her toothbrush. "toothbrushes are for brushing teeth, not for opening locks". toothbrushes don't open doors.  "toothbrushes are for cleaning your teeth, not opening doors.". children can play on the highway. highways are dangerous. playing on the highway is illegal. highways are very dangerous and not meant for anyone who is not in a car.  you can find a lion in the ocean. a lion cannot survive in the ocean. lions live on the savannah.  ocean is a place where we cannot find the lion.  my brother eat plastic. plastic is not a food item. platic not eatable. plastic is not edible like food.  he dipped his chips in sand.  sand is not edible.  chips aren't dipped in sand to eat.  sand is not an eatable item. he dried his cloth in moonlight. moonlight is generally cold. a cloth can only be dried in the sun. moonlight does not produce heat.  people usually donate rocks at christmas. rocks aren't somethin people usually want. rocks are not christmas presents.  almost anyone will not be happy to receive a rock as a christmas gift. she went swimming in the corn.  people cannot swim inside corn.  lake only has water for swim. it is only possible to swim in water.  they saw the film in cooker. cooker is a kitchen item to cook food. a cooker doesn't have a screen to play anything. cooker for cooking something. you should get a car to check for colon cancer.  car's don't give you a medical report of your colon.  "cars are used to get a person from one place to another, not check for colon cancer.". a car is not a medical instrument.  my brother buy sky today. sky is not a property. you cannot own the sky.  sky cannot be bought. squids are land animals. squids are not land animals and can only on the ocean. squids live in the ocean.  squids live in ocean. the children played in the fridge. fridge is not a place to play in. it's too cold in a fridge to spend time there.  a fridge can't fit children playing inside of it. a cafeteria takes care of sick people.  a cafeteria only feeds people.  cafeteria's serve food.  a cafeteria doesn't have doctors to cure sickness.  guns generate bullets through explosive forces.  bullets are made and placed into guns.  guns don't create bullets.  bullets are loaded into guns. earth also orbits the moon.  from moon's perspective earth stands still.  "the earth orbits the sun, not the moon". the earth orbits the sun.  she fed her chair early this morning.  a cat is a living thing and a chair is not.  a chair doesn't eat. chair doesn't get. i love eating any pastry made with sand.  sand cannot be eaten.  pastry is food as such cant be made of sand.  "sand is dirt from the beach, not a food.". i  can count  stars.  stars  are uncountable.  there are far too many stars for someone to count. there are too many stars to count.  he climbed up a mountain using his snowboard. a snowboard cannot climb upwards. a snowboard is used to descend a snowy mountain.  you cannot climb anything using a snowboard. the doctor removed my brain.  you cannot live without a brain.  "if your brain was removed, you would be dead.". one can't live without a brain.  he ordered pizza through the pencil. pencil is an object to write things on paper. pencils are not phones. you cannot contact anyone through a pencil.  he bought a book to eat. book is not an eatable thing. books are inedible.  books are not edible.  a pentagon has six sides.  it's a hexagon that has six sides.  pnetagan means five. penta means five.  the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road. the sidewalk is made for pedestrians and the road for cars. the pedestrian walks on the sidewalk and the car on the road. cars don't walk. a box of snakes is a perfect gift for children.  snakes are dangerous animals and they bite.  snakes are dangerous. snakes are dangerous and should not be around children.  she drank strawberries out of a mug. strawberries are not a liquid. "strawberries are not a drink, therefore you cannot drink them.". "you can't drink something solid, like strawberries.". he went to a marriage in pen. pen is not a vehicle to travel to places. a pen cannot be used as transportation.  pen is not an automobile. storks are a type of mammals. "storks are birds, not mammals". storks are birds. storks have feathers. i fed my teddy bear.  teddy bears can't and don't need to eat food.  you don't feed teddy bears.  teddy bears are stuffed animals so they don't eat. you can find an organ in the briefcase.  organs can't fit in briefcases.  an organ is too big to fix into a briefcase. an organ is found only in a body.  the family ate a table at the party.  people do not eat tables.  tables are not edible.  tables aren't edible.  he likes to dance with a dodo bird.  dodo birds cannot dance and are extinct.  "you can dance like a dodo bird, not with one.". dodo birds are extinct and they are birds.  walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat. more than sweat water makes you wet while raining. "rain doesn't make one sweat, it makes one wet.". people usually sweat when they walk under the sun. steam is cooled water vapor.  water vaporizes at a hotter temperature.  steam arises from hot water and not cold or cooled one.  cooling water vapor will return it to its liquid state.  dolphins from the sea are red. dolphins are sea animals with a blue grey colour. dolphins do not come red in color.  there are no red dolphins. he ate nails for dessert.  nails are not a food.  nails are not food to be eaten.  nails aren't edible. i turned on the pillow. the pillow doesn't have an on button. pillows are not electrical powered.  pillows are not turned on.  he filled his car with jello.  jello would not make the car go.  jello is a food item. jello would gum up the engine.  oatmeal always eats me in the morning.  oatmeal is not a person and cannot eat.  oatmeal can't eat.  oatmeal doesn't have a mouth to eat a person.  anime is a live-action. anime cannot be live-action because it's anime is not live.  anime is drawn. anime is a cartoon. he chats with his friend by  using remote.  remote is  device used for televisions.  remotes do not have communication abilities.  remotes are not phones. zoos contain many once extinct animals.  extinct animals cannot exist again.  extinct animals are not alive and therefore cannot be shown in zoos.  extinct animals no longer exist. she ran in the race and won a sister. you cannot win a sister. sister is not a prize. "sisters are born to the family, not won.". daniela is a beautiful danish. "daniela is a woman, a person. a danish is a pastry". daniela is the name of a person.  danish is a language. people fight each other when pacifist.  pacifists avoid violent fights.  pacifists are against fighting.  pacifists are peaceful. i went to get the patrol at hotel. no any hotels sell patrol for us. a patrol is not located at hotels. a hotel does not have the patrol.  he fell asleep on the tv.  "he can fall asleep to the tv, not on the tv.". tv is not a sleeping platform. a person is too big to sleep on a tv. he won the rice medal in a race. rice is not a metal to make medal. medals are made of metals or pvc and can never be made from rice.  rice is not used to make medals.  she hung a car on the wall.  a car is far too large and heavy to hang on a wall.  a car is too big to hang on a wall.  a car is to heavy and large to be hung on a wall.  he ate a rock for lunch.  rocks are not edible. he would choke on the rock.  people do not eat rocks.  the cop arrested the fish.  fish are not bound by the law.  you can't arrest a fish.  a cop will catch or eat a fish but not arrest it.  the cat jumped onto a skyscraper. cats cannot jump that high. cats are too small to jump onto a skyscraper.  skyscrapers are too high for a cat to jump on.  i went to the vegetable market to deposit my money.  no one deposit their's money in the vegetable market. banks are where you deposit money. a vegetable market doesn't have an atm. i made a cup of dirt. people do not drink dirt. dirt cannot be made. dirt can't be drunk.  hand is part of a tree.  trees only have trunks.  "a hand belongs to a living human being, not a tree.". trees do not have hands. isabel has gotten green this summer. green is not a state that can be gotten. people do not turn green. people do not turn green.  butter is a rice product. rice is not used in making butter. you can't make butter out of rice.  butter is dairy product. ice is more slippery when melted.  "melted ice, water, is less slippery.". ice becomes water when it is melted. ice is frozen and not melted. he put a cat in his pencil case.  a cat cannot fit in a pencil case.  cat is bigger. a cat is much larger than a pencil case and wouldn't fit. she goes to the college by book. a book can not drop her in the college. a book is not a form of transportation.  "books are read in college, not used as transportation.". "when my sister was in the store, she received cards and flowers.". people don't receive cards and flowers while they in at a store.  you purchase cards and flowers in stores.  you do not receive cards and flowers in a store.  if you slack off you pass the exams. slacking off is the opposite of studying. you are more likely to fail if you slack off.  people pass exams by studying.  my son eats dirt every weekend.  no one eats dirt.  dirt is not a food item.  no one allow their son to eat dirt. beaches from poland are very high. "beaches are at a sea level, so they cannot be high". beaches are low.  beaches are on sea level so they cannot be high.  he checked the time in pen. pen is an object to write. pens don't tell time.  pens don't tell time. i peel off mangoes and make banana shake.  banana shake is made of bananas.  mangoes are not the same things as bananas.  one can only use a mango make a mango shake.  i am parking my car in park. a car cannot be parked in a park or play area. park is a place not to park the car.  "a park is for people to enjoy, you do not park cars there.". my mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday.  a mechanic is not a medical personnel and cannot give anyone an injection.  mechanics don't provide medication. a mechanic works on cars not medicine. we need save his life with two pints of poison.  poison kills and cannot save any life.  poison kills people. two pints of poison would most likely kill a person.  she used a banana to hold her pants up.  bananas are not long or flexible enough to hold up. pants. she would need a belt not food.  banana is a fruit. a pig flies in the sky. pigs cannot fly. pigs cannot fly.  pigs don't fly.  i ate a live chicken. humans do not eat live chickens. if you are eating a chicken it is dead and cooked.  live chickens are not edible.  he uses hanger to print the pictures. hanger is not a thing to give us a printout. hangers are for clothes and cannot print. a hanger cannot be used to print anything. she picks orange from palm tree.  never palm tree produces orange.  oranges do not come from palm trees.  oranges don't grow on palm trees.  most cities have a football team.  there are far more cities than football teams.  only a few cities have football teams. not all cities have a football team.  he filled up the bathtub with fire. bathtubs don't hold fire. fire is not a liquid to be filled. fire does not go in a bathtub.  musicians have a great eye. you do not need an excellent eye to be able to be a musician. eyes cannot hear music. musicians does not have great eye.  a boy went to the bathroom to take the books. bathroom is the not the right place to have the books. books are not stored in a bathroom.  you don't return books in a bathroom.  alcohol can improve one's memory of events.  alcohol blocks or confuses people's mental state.  alcohol doesn't improve memory.  alcohol dulls the memory.  the table is black and has green eyes.  tables do not typically have eyes.  tables do not have eyes.  tables do not have eyes.  she eats metal things to be alive. no one human can eat metals things to eat as food. eating metal would kill a person.  because humans can't eat metal. my brother swimming on petrol every day. petrol is not a swimming water. petrol would be dangerous to swim in.  petrol is harmful to swim in.  i usually play tennis with a football.  none can play tennis with a football.  footballs are not used to play tennis.  tennis can be played only with a tennis ball. wine is a type of beer. wine is not a subtype of beer because they are very different. beer and wine are two different drinks.  "wine is made from grapes, beer from grain.". we played our last football tournament at telsi indoor restaurant.  an indoor restaurants does not have a football field to host a tournament.  football is not played inside an indoor restaurant.  because football isn't played inside a restaurant. my sister eats stone every morning.  no can eat stone as their food.  she would choke on a stone.  "people can't eat stones, they are too big and hard.". he took ice cream for fever. ice cream is not a medicine. ice cream will not help a fever.  ice cream may cool him down but wont help a fever.  the sahara desert is covered with water. deserts do not contain excessive amounts of water. a desert doesn't have any water in it. a desert is dry.  he ate sewage for dinner. sewage is not food. sewage is not suitable for eating.  sewage isn't edible. wolfs are friend of man. wolf are wild animals. wolves are wild animals.  wolves are dangerous.  christmas is a pagan holiday. christmas celebrates the birth of jesus which is not a pagan religion and is a holiday in december. christmas cannot be considered a pagan holiday.  christmas is celebrated by christians.  i raise the hills at home. hills is not a pet animal. "hills are created by god, not man.". hills do not require human care.  i washed my dishes with gasoline.  gasoline is not used for cleaning.  gasoline won't clean your dishes. gasoline isn't safe to clean dishes.  my watch uses a litter box.  a watch is not alive and does not need to expel waste in a litter box.  a watch does not have to go to the bathroom.  watches don't go to the bathroom. he drove a cat. a cat is not a vehicle to be driven. a cat is a small animal that you hold.  a cat is an animal and cannot be driven.  he enjoyed dining in the school play.  "you act in a play, not eat a meal.". a school play does not serve food.  because you only act in a play. he got married to a buffalo.  humans marry humans and not animals.  he cannot marry an animal. a person cannot marry an animal.  a bow is loaded on an arrow.  it is the arrow that's loaded on a bow.  bows are too large to be loaded on an arrow.  arrow does not have loading arrangements. he used water for hand sanitizing. water alone cannot kill the germs completely. water does not kill germs. water cannot kill germs. he regularly went to read for exercises body. read is just knowledge but swimming is exercise. reading is not a workout.  exercises are not theory to read. he bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store.  ice cream stores do not sell laptops.  ice cream stores do not sell electronic devices.  ice cream stores only sell ice cream. an elephant is under the table.  an elephant is much bigger then a table.  an elephant is too big.  elephant is a big animal. i use pencil to escape from rains. pencil won't be useful to save you from the rain. pencils won't keep you from getting wet.  "pencils are used to write with, they do not protect from rain.". a hamburger must contain tomato. "a humburger can or cannot have tomato, it is not on the recipee". tomato is not a necessary part of a hamburger.  a hamburger does not have to have a tomato. the sun needs trees to grow.  the sun doesn't need trees.  a sun is a non living thing which cannot grow.  "the sun does not grow, it causes things to grow.". jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday. a rainbow is an effect created when lifht passes through rain water. rainbows can be seen but not boarded.  you can't board rainbows.  sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy. no one feels happy by going to a funeral. funerals are sad events.  one cannot feel happy after the loss of a life.  the tree chased the cat.  a tree cannot run.  trees are stationary.  trees can't move and therefore cannot chase cats. fried underwear is a popular dish. underwear is not edible. underwear is not food. "underwear is clothing, not a food to fry.". i captured a photo in my lunch box. lunch box has no camera to capture the photos. lunch boxes can't take pictures. a lunch box is not a camera.  "only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football, basketball and hockey.". who says baseball is more relaxing as other sports may be relaxing as well.  all sports are relaxing to some. different sports games can be relaxing to different people.  the elephant is blue.  elephants are grey.  elephants are grey.  elephants are not blue. he wore running shoes in his nose. shoe is not worn on nose normally. shoes are for your feet.  you wear running shoes on feet.  cars are mostly made of ice. ice melts so it is not used for making cars. ice melts so it cannot be a car.  an ice car would melt.  he put a tiger in the oven. a tiger can't fit in the oven. tiger can not be fit in the oven. tigers are too big to be put in an oven. i bought a phone at the butcher. the butcher doesn't sell phones. "a butcher sells meat, not phones". butchers don't sell phones. i washed off the stain on my face with clean oil.  oil stains and does not clean.  oil is not used to wash the face. oil causes stains you wouldn't wash with it. sloth runs faster. sloth is noted for slowness movement. sloths are very slow.  "sloth does not run, it only crawls". the flower is a planet. flowers are not celestial moving bodies. a flower doesn't grow in space.  a flower grows on a planet.  a bin contains different books. bins are used for litter and it is not usually books. bins are for garbage. books are not found in bins.  the simplest carbohydrates are amino acid. amino acids are proteins. amino acids are not carbohydrates. amino acids are not carbohydrates.  he watched the commercials in radio. people normally listen to radio as there are no visual content. radios don't have screens to watch commercials on. "you cannot watch things on a radio, only listen.". he put the pizza in the furnace.  a furnace isn't designed for food.  a furnace is not used to bake pizzas. a furnace heats a home. my cat drinks nail polish everyday.  nail polish is toxic to cats.  nail polish is poisonous.  nail polish is not edible food for a cat.  he wiped his mouth on a driveway.  nobody wipes their mouth on the ground.  "a driveway is a rough piece of concrete, you would not wipe your mouth with it.". a driveway is not used to wipe anything. people can only learn a language when they are young.  adults can pick up a foreign language.  people can learn language's at any age.  people can learn at all stages of life.  pigeons live deep underwater. pigeons are not aquatic. pigeons cannot breathe underwater.  pigeons can't breathe underwater.  i bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place.  grocery stores does not sell designer clothing like the coach bag.  grocery stores sell food. grocery stores don't sell coach bags.  she ate a big sandcasttle on the beach.  people do not eat sandcastles.  it is not healthy to eat sand.  sandcastle is not for eating. "for a vehicle to run, it must have vegetable oil.". vegetable oil is not used to make cars run.  vegetable oil would clog up the car's system.  vehicles do not run on vegetable oil.  my television is transparent. televisions are non transparent physical objects. this would make it impossible to watch if it was transparent.  televisions are opaque. he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast. medical shop will not sells foods ever. medical shop does not provide food. a medical shop sells medical equipment not food.  he blew fire into the balloon to make it big. fire will melt a balloon. the balloon would blow up.  you cannot blow fire into a balloon without breaking it.  bricks are made from vegetables. vegetables are not a hard material to work with to prepare a brick. bricks must be hard to withstand many things.  vegetables are food and therefore do not make up bricks that are made of clay.  the crocodile smoked a cigar. crocodiles cannot light and smoke a cigar. crocodile is a animal and animal never smoke a cigar. crocodiles don't smoke and they probably couldn't even hold a cigar in their mouth. he drove his car from los angeles to honolulu. cars cannot drive in the ocean when a bridge is not present. you cannot drive a car across the ocean between los angeles and honolulu.  honolulu is on an island. duct tape can be used to seal air.  duct tape is sticky and durable.  it can seal things that hold air but not air itself.  air can not be sealed as it is not a physical solid object but a gas. police  treat the illness of patient. police protect their community by fighting and preventing crime. police don't treat illness. police are not trained to treat illness.  he went to the hospital to withdraw money.  people  do not keep their money in hospitals.  "the hospital is for getting better when you are sick, not for withdrawing money.". one does not get money from the hospital.  the girl's favorite snack was a frisbee.  a frisbee is a toy.  frisbees cannot be eaten.  frisbees are not edible. the dog screamed at the man. dogs can't scream. the dog usually might be not frightened by the man.  a dog cannot scream.  he parked the cat in the garage. "a car is a vehicle, and a cat is a common household pet". "you cannot park a cat, it is an animal.". "cat is animal , animals are not park in the garage". a lever contains several parts as a machine. a lever is the simplest form of machine. lever is a part of a machine. a level is a part not a machine itself. tar is white in color. tar is black in color. tar is actually dark black. tar is black.  my brother look like water. water is not have a shape. his brother is a human not a liquid. your brother is a human being and humans do not look like water. an octagon has five sides.  a pentagon has five sides.  oct means eight and penta meas five so octagon can't have five sides.  octagon has 8 sides. a trumpet is played by strumming.  a trumpet doesn't have strings to strum.  a trumpet is played by blowing.  trumpets don't have strings.  basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees. "a sport is played by people, so a tree cannot play or catch a ball.". trees do not play basketball.  trees cannot play sports. you put your house on your head.  your house is too heavy to put on your head.  a house is too large to put on your head.  a house is too large and heavy to go on a head. my elephant is driving a car. an elephant is much bigger than a car. elephants can't drive. an elephant won't fit into a car.  my brother is strong stone. stone is not a human. a person can't be a stone.  stones are not alive so they cannot be a brother.  there is multiple days in an hour.  an hour consists of minutes and not days.  there is no days in an hour.  hour is smaller than day. she cut the rock with scissors. scissors can't cut rocks. rocks cannot be cut with scissors. scissors will break if you try to cut a rock.  she flew to europe on a horse.  horses do not fly.  horses do not fly.  you can't fly on a horse.  ice is hot in the summer. "ice is, by nature, cold and frozen". ice is frozen and cold.  ice would melt and no longer be ice in the summer.  "my first car was bought from a grocery shop in douglasville, georgia.". grocery shop does not sell a car.  grocery stores do not sell cars. grocery shop does not sell car. cats enjoy eating microwaves. microwaves are inedible. a microwave is bigger than a cat.  "microwaves are not edible, but are machines.". my dog is being prepared by my father. an animal is not an object that can be prepared. people don't eat dogs.  a dog can be trained but not prepared.  he has hat on his nose. hat is usually worn on head. hats are not worn on noses. a hat is worn on the head.  the boy went to the moon after playing with his friends.  people cannot go to the moon on their own.  "the moon is 384,400 km away from the earth and one needs a spacecraft, special gear and training to travel to the moon.". one can't just go to the moon at will.  he cut the grass with a pair of scissors.  it would take way too long to cut the grass of a home with a pair of scissors.  scissors use for cloth cutting. scissors are too small to be used to cut grass. i skated on the ice without ice skates.  you can't skate on ice unless you have ice skates on.  "you can't skate on ice without skates, you would fall and slide all over the place immediately". you cant ice skate without skates.  the store drove the car. stores cant fit into cars. stores do not fit in cars. the store is inantimate and cannot drive a car.  a giraffe got into the taxi. a giraffe cannot fit into a car.  giraffes do not fit in taxis. a giraffe is too big to fix into a taxi. he plays baseball with zebras on the weekend. zebras do not play baseball and are not related to the sport. zebras cant play baseball. zebras are animals and therefore cannot play baseball.  i rode a beaver to work.  humans are too large to ride beavers.  people cannot ride on beavers.  a beaver is too small to be ridden.  he took some water by a book to drink. no one peoples try to take waters by a book. books are ruined by water.  a book is not a recipient for water. i like eating books. books cannot be eaten because they are not edible. books are not edible. books are for reading not for eating. hospitals are dangerous. "hospitals are safe because of the doctors, and expertise they specialize in. therefore, they are not dangerous". hospitals are not dangerous. hospitals give treatment to save life. arizona is in europe. arizona is in north america. arizona is located in the united states.  arizona is in the united states. a scientist planned to go to the space by bus. no one scientist can go to the space by bus. "a bus drives on the road, it does not go to space.". a bus doesn't go all the way to space. audiences perform during a play.  the audience are passive watchers.  audiences only listen to the play. audiences can only watch the game. she put the ring on her intestine.  "the intestine is inside your body, and you can't reach it to put a ring on it.". intestines are inside your body and you cannot put a ring on them.  you can't put a ring on your intestine.  i just take every decision by my leg. leg has no brain and it can't think as own. the leg does not think.  one cannot think with their leg.  this activity is made for the purpose of shark. sharks cannot have purposes because they cannot think. a shark is a fish in the ocean.  shark is a marine animal. he took a nap on the tomato. a tomato would get squished if you took a nap on it. "tomato is very small, no one can be fit to take nap on it". tomatoes are too small to lay on. a face cream is for combing your hair. face cream is for skins. "face cream is for your face, not to comb your hair.". "a face cream is used on your face, not your hair". he wore the bottle since it was raining. bottle is not a dress. a bottle will not protect you from the rain.  a bottle is not an article of clothing.  playing frisbee is for people who like to play football. people avoid doing things they dislike so if they like play frisbee they do that sport. frisbee has nothing in common with football. "if they like frisbee, it is not a fact that they like football.". he zipped up his hamster.  hamsters don't have zippers.  "hamsters do not have zippers, they are small animals.". a hamster doesn't have a zipper.  ketchup is a type of book. ketchup has no relation with books in a physical form. ketchup is a condiment not a book.  ketchup is a condiment for foods.  she read a big cloud. a cloud does not have writing on it to read. clouds don't have words. there is no word in a cloud.  he and she goes for  dinner to the library.  no one  prefer to eat at library. you don't eat dinner at the library. "the library does not serve dinner, it has books.". fishes can only live on land.  fishes are not able to respire on land.  fish require water. a fish would die on land.  my brother drive lion. lion is not a vehicle. "a lion is an animal, you cannot drive one.". lion is a animal. my sister drive lion. lion is not a vehicle. you cannot drive an animal.  one cannot drive a lion.  one person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians.  "if only one person was eating dinner, there could not have been three vegetarians.". only one person ate dinner. one person cannot also be three people.  the boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher.  "a school is for learning, and a restaurant is for dining.". a restaurant doesn't have teachers.  a restaurant is not a college to have teachers. i usually eat red shoes.  you cannot eat shoes. red shoes are not food. shoes are made to be worn to protect the feet.  he floated a green fence to space.  a green fence is too heavy to float.  a fence cannot float in the air.  fences don't float. the house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning.  a banana is a very poor conductor of electricity so it could not protect the house from lightning.  a banana is not conductive of electricity.  a banana does not protect anything from lightning.  there are many whales in the swamp.  whales don't live in swamps.  whales live in the ocean.  a whale is too big for a shallow swamp.  soap does nothing.  soaps can remove stain and oil from things.  soap kills germs.  soap has a purpose and is used for something.  she cooked a smoothie with broth. broth isn't used in smoothies. smoothies are not cooked. smoothies are not cooked.  he put a bicycle in my bag. a bicycle can not fit in a bag. a bicycle is too big to fit in a bag.  a bicycle is too large to fit in a bag.  they took the patient in a cooker. cooker is not a vehicle. a cooker is not transportation.  cookers are not vehicles. the movie was fun to read. "you watch a movie, not read it". you can't read a movie.  the movie can be seen and hear but cannot be read. took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write.  hospitals have no teachers to teach reading and writing. you do not learn to read and write at a hospital.  hospitals are not where children are taken to learn.  pluto is the closest planet to the sun.  pluto is not considered a planet.  pluto is the farthest planet from the sun.  pluto is no longer closest to the sun.  justin bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century. justin bieber is alive and still producing music. justin bieber is alive. justin bieber is only in his 20's so he was definitely born within the last 100 years.  my daughter is wearing a pistol jacket. "there is not a type of jacket that is called ""pistol""". pistol is not a color.  pistol jacket should not wear by the daughter.  he put the dirty dishes under the couch.  "dirty dishes go in the sink, not under the couch.". couch is not a sink. dishes do not go under the couch.  he put cat to his hair. a cat is not good for the hair. a cat can't brush someone's hair.  cat is a living being. my sister store house in fridge. fridge is small size compare to house. a house is too big to fit in a fridge. houses are larger than fridges.  he eats a box of spatulas. spatulas are not edible. "spatulas are cooking utensils, not food.". "spatulas are made of non-edible materials, like plastic". my table is updating. a table cannot have software to be updated. table is not a software. a table is a solid object with no electronic parts capable of updating.  some skycrapers are much shorter than churches.  churches are not skyscrapers in height.  skyscrapes are always bigger than churches. church is a place. a elephant lives in the wall.  a elephant to too big to live in the wall.  "elephants live in africa as they are a live animal, therefore cannot live in a wall.". elephants are too big to live in a wall.  the sail blows the wind. the sail cannot blow the wind because only the wind can push the sail. sails use the wind for propulsion.  sails don't blow. he got out of his steering wheel.  a person cannot fit in a steering wheel.  it is impossible to get out of a steering wheel.  no one can even seat inside the steering wheel. the cow is sit on the chair. cow is much bigger then a chair. a cow would break a chair.  a cow is too big to sit on a chair. he took a lion for a walk.  a lion is not a pet.  we don't walk lions.  the people he meets would be scared of the lion.  he owns two oceans.  "nobody can own the ocean, but many people own cats.". no one owns the oceans.  oceans cannot be purchased. 50 eggs were harvested from the humans.  humans don't lay eggs.  eggs from humans are not harvested under normal circumstances.  humans do not lay eggs like chickens.  there are unknown monsters in lakes. lakes have been thoroughly examined and every animal inhabiting them is already known. there are no monsters.  monsters aren't real.  the man  has to eat stone in everyday.  no oneeats stones as food. stones are not edible. stone is not eatable. the newspaper is made of plastic. the material from which newspapers are made is not plastic because it would be expensive. newspaper is made from paper.  plastic is not used to make newspaper. the monkey teach math. monkey is not have a knowledge in math. monkeys cannot teach anything. monkey's don't teach.  he is wearing a pizza to the wedding. "a pizza is something you eat, not wear". a pizza is food not clothing.  pizza is a food item not an item of clothing. you are always likely to find a potato in a bag.  potatoes aren't always found in bags.  sometimes you might find a potato in a bag.  bags don't always contain potatoes.  she uses a paint bucket to clean the room. paint buckets are used to paint rooms. buckets cannot clean rooms. paint is messy.  he put the baby in the fridge. "babies need to be cared for, not ignored". babies do not belong in the fridge. the baby would suffocate in the fridge.  coffee is a snack.  coffee is a drink rather than a food.  snacks are solid foods.  coffe is a liquid drink and therefore not a snack. the cat is a table. a cat can't be a table because it's an animal. cat is a living thing. animals are not furniture.  he drinks poison daily by morning. poison are very dangerous to health but milk is safe. poison is injurios to health. "if he drank poison, he would die.". cake baked the chef. cake cant not think or react.  cakes don't bake. "a cake cannot bake, and you do not bake people (the chef is a person).". i called my tailor to come fix my bathtub.  tailors deal with clothing and not bathtub. . "tailors work on clothing, not bathtubs.". tailors aren't trained to do plumbing.  the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer. thermometer is to check the temperature. a thermometer does not measure heartbeats.  thermometer meaures only temperature. i ate an aeroplane for lunch.  "aeroplanes are too large to eat and are made of metal, which is inedible.". aeroplanes are not food. aeroplanes are not food. humans have hollow bones so they can fly. "human bones contain marrow, and humans cannot fly". humans can't fly.  humans don't have hollows bones and can't fly. a whale can climb a building. a whale is much larger than a monkey and cannot walk on land. whales live in the ocean.  whales don't climb.  teacher teaches lessons by her nose. we can not use nose to speak. you can't teach with your nose. "a nose cannot speak, therefore it could not teach.". she drives her boat in the highway. "boats only work in water , i.e. in a river". a boat doesn't have wheels to travel on the highway.  boats don't have wheels. calculating numbers in different ways is called biology.  biology has nothing to do with numbers.  biology studies life and living organisms and not numbers and their calculations.  biology is the study is of living things.  the car lamp got punctured. lamp does not get punctured. car lamps can be cracked or broken but not punctured.  items that hold air get punctures. the girl wore chair in her neck. chair is not an ornament. a chair is too big to be worn.  chairs are not jewelry. i need to eat some plastic to get energy.  plastic does not provide energy for humans.  plastic is not an eatable item. plastic is not edible.  he puts the cage in the tiger.  the tiger would die if you put a cage inside the tiger.  cages don't go inside animals.  a cage is bigger than a tiger.  weather can be easily predicted.  a lot of complex computations go into predicting the weather.  weather changes often. weather is often unpredictable. a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth. a blowdryer cannot wet a cloth. electricity never turns to water.  blowdryers dry and not cause wetness. students create tests to assess their learning.  it is the teacher that creates the test.  "tests are created by teachers to assess the learning of students, they are not created by the students.". teachers create tests. the logger chopped down the star. stars can not be chopped down. star cannot be touched by human. stars are millions of miles away and too large to be chopped.  a lamp is used for sitting on. a lamp isn't meant for sitting on. one does not sit on a lamp.  if you sit on a lamp it will break. jim caught a fish with plate.  usually the plate  doesn't have holes.  you can't trap anything in a plate.  plates cannot catch fish. my smartphone has got only one application. "if my smartphone had only one application, it would not be a smartphone". a smartphone can fit many applications. smartphones have multiple applications.  the woman drank some air.  the woman can't drink air because it's a gas.  air is not a liquid. air is not a liquid to be drunk. he shot the man with spoon. spoon is not a weapon. a spoon has no place where a bullet can be stored and used as a weapon.  spoons cannot shoot.  it's okay to die sometimes. you can only die once. you can only die once.  you only die once.  he wrote home work in his bag. bag is not a right choice to write the home works. one can't write on something which is inside a bag.  a bag is a place to store home work.  he ate the bus. humans can not consume buses. buses are too large to eat.  buses are not edible.  a hair dresser is part of the government.  a hair dresser works in the hair salon and not part of the government.  hair dressers have no government role. a hair dresser is not a position involved in politics. he visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash. petrol bunk provides petrol for vehicle. petrol does not produce cash. "you get gas at a petrol bunk, not cash.". you are likely to find a dog in ocean. dogs are terrestrial animals. "fish live in the ocean, dogs live on land.". dogs are terrestrial and are therefore not in the ocean.  he signed the caterpillar.  the caterpillar is an animal.  caterpillars are animals. you should not write on living insects.  i enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle. a motor cycle is meant for adults and a 7 year old kid cannot handle it. 8 year olds are not ready to ride motorcycles.  8 year old do not have enough height to ride motor cycle. she get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top. top of the mountain is not a right place to swim. you can not swim to a mountain top. you can't swim up a mountain. the car was floating on the water. car cannot float. the car was drive in road. cars don't float - they sink. birds fly using their feet.  "birds use their feet to walk, not fly.". birds fly using their wings.  "birds feet are used for walking, not flying.". all state flowers are the scarlet carnation.  state flowers are unique to each state.  all state flowers are different.  each state has a different flower.  a piece of paper is for writing money.  it is not possible to write money.  money is printed by the government not on regular paper.  "money is printed at the us mint, it cannot be written.". he put a table on a cake. a table is where you put things on. a cake is not able to withstand the weight of a table.  "cake is so  delicate , table cannot  put on it". he read burger in library. burger is a food item. food is not allowed in a library.  burgers are food and cannot be read.  toady i buy a summer. summer is one of the climate. the seasons can't be sold.  summer cannot be bought. you are likely to find a lion wandering in a city. usually lions live in forests or zoo. lions live in the wild where there are few people.  there are very few lions in the city.  he parked the spoon under the tree. spoon is not a vehicle. spoon cannot be parked.  "a spoon is a utensil for eating, not parking.". mary is going on vacation to the sun. you cannot go on vacation on the sun. the sun is too hot and too far to visit. a person cant survive on nor get to the sun. he kicked the monkey into the goal.  football is used to kick in the goal while monkey is an animal.  monkeys are not kicked into goals. "a monkey is an animal, not sports equipment.". my brother drive road. road is not a vehicle. "you cant drive road, you can however drive a car or other vehicle". road is not movable. she washed her book with soap. soap isn't made to be used on books. books are ruined when washed with soap.  you don't wash books.  she planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow.  toothpaste is man made and is not to be put in a garden to grow. toothpaste is not plant.  "toothpaste does not grow, it is made in a lab or factory.". the polar bear flew south for the winter. polar bears cannot fly. polar bears do don't fly.  polar bears do not fly.  she practices cycling with car.  cycle  and car are different transports.  she cannot cycle with a car. you don't cycle with a car.  a hippopotamus got into the car. a hippopotamus is too big to fit in the car. hippos do not fit in cars. a hippopotamus is too big to fit into a car.  the wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom.  wedding cakes are objects and cannot have feelings.  the wedding cake is a non living item. cakes cannot be happy. fires can be used to prevent death.  fires are dangerous rather than helpful.  fire is not an equipment or material to prevent death. fire cannot used to prevent death.  he carries lion into the basket. lion cannot hold in baskets. a lion is too large to be carried in a basket.  lions are vicious and i don't think you would be carrying one around.  the maths teacher gave a good history lesson.  maths teachers do not give history lessons.  math teachers don't generally teach history.  a math teacher doesn't teach history.  there are seventy minutes in an hour. "by the international system standard, an hour has got sixty minutes or 3600 seconds". "an hour is defined as sixty minutes, not seventy.". there are 60 minutes in an hour.  he charged his phone with a hdmi cable. you cannot charge your phone with an hdmi cable. there is no hdmi port in a phone.  hdmi cables do not fit in phone slots. he wore watch on his nose. watch cannot be worn around nose. a watch is not worn on one's nose.  you can't strap a watch onto your nose.  a hammer drives nails by pressing.  the hammer drives nails more abruptly than by pressing.  hammers do not press nails in.  nails can be drived only by striking. my sister is working hard on her sleep. sleeping does not require a hard time or focusing a lot. sleep is rest so you cannot work hard when you are sleeping.  sleep is the opposite of work.  "people sleep longer than cats, up to 20 hours per day.". cats spend most of the day and night sleeping than do humans.  people do not sleep up to 20 hours per day.  because people do not sleep for 20 hours a day unless they are newborns. you must fill up a bath-tub with ketchup to take a bath.  "ketchup is used on foods, not in the bath-tub.". ketchup is messy.  you don't use ketchup to fill up a bath-tub.  he sat on the table.  "a table is not ment to be sat on, only chairs.". table's are not for sitting on.  tables are not for sitting on.  cats are reptiles. cats have fur and bear live young. reptiles are coldblooded and cats are not. a cat is a feline.  she got a soda out of an atm.  atm machines don't distribute soda. atms do not dispense soda.  atms don't contain soda. today i went to fire. fire is not a living place. people usually run from fires.  "you cannot go to fire, but you can go home.". he prints a negative picture as colored by sack piece.  sack piece is not a thing to print a picture. sack cannot print.  a sack piece does not produce a picture.  she bought an itchy calendar at the mall.  since you wear scarfs the texture interacts with your skin.  calendars cannot be itchy. you don't wear calendars.  iron rod is a fruit.  iron rod is a metal.  iron rod is made of metal.  iron rod is a metal. the boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach.  hitting your coach does not win a baseball game.  the boy would get in trouble if he hit his coach.  if a boy hit his coach the boy would probably be kicked out of the game.  we go to kitchen to get a hair cut.  kitchen is where food is cooked or food items are stored.  it is not sanitary to cut hair in a kitchen.  its usanitary to get your haircut in a kitchen. the car is filled with hot lava. lava would melt the car. lava will burnt the car. a car would be destroyed if it were filled with hot lava.  she brushed her hair with a spoon.  spoons are for eating.  spoons to not have teeth to brush hair with.  spoon is used for eating. my aunt is rich because she has a very small property. "if my aunt has a very small property, she is poor, not rich strictly". large houses are expensive. rich will have very large property. she went to the bank to buy milk.  banks don't sell milk.  a bank deals with money not milk.  bank never sell milk. the guy wore spoon for the party. spoon is not a dress. spoons are not articles of clothing.  a spoon is a utensil not an item of clothing. a violin is made of glass.  glass is not a component of violins.  an instrument made of glass would break.  glass is brakable. most birds can dance. birds do not perform human actions such as dancing. birds don't dance.  "birds fly, they do not dance.". i planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer. no one can go to england by cycle. you cannot fly a cycle like you can an airplane.  you can cycle in england but you cannot trip in a cycle.  he use stones to cook. no one cook stones for food. stones  cannot be cooked and it is not edible.  stones are rocks and cannot cook.  people can usually kill bears with their bare hands.  bears are larger and stronger than people.  bears are too big and powerful to be killed with someones bare hands.  people are not strong enough to kill bears with their bare hands.  you can jump a high fence. high fences are taller than ourselves and we cannot jump them. a person can only climb a high fence.  human legs are not tall enough to jump over  a high fence.  she brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday. food items cannot be wrapped in newspaper as the paper will become soggy. newspaper is not used for food storage. "newspaper is for wrapping things like dishes for moving, not food.". he went to the kitchen to swim. kitchens don't have pools. a kitchen doesn't have water to swim in. "you swim in a pool, not a kitchen". my girlfriend give a pen through her hip. no one peoples use hip to give the pen or anything else. a hip cannot hold a pen. pens do not pass through hips; hips are for walking. he had contact lenses on his three eyes. human has two eyes by nature. no one has three eyes.  most people have 2 eyes. she put her giraffe into her backpack.  a giraffe is too large to fit into a backpack.  giraffes are too big to be in a backpack. giraffe's are to tall to fit in a backpack.  a man wants to fly in the car. no one can fly by a car. cars cannot fly.  cars don't fly.  a cemetery generates the remains of the dead.  people die first and are buried; the cemetery's not the cause.  "a cemetary is a place of rest, it doesn't generate anything". dead people cannot be generated. my father was buried in the andrews computer.  a computer is smaller than a human being and cannot house any dead body.  computer is an electronic device. you can't be buried in a computer.  plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich. plastic is not edible. plastic is not food.  plastic is not an eatble item. he moved from the ocean to the suburbs.  as humans we don't live in the ocean.  a person doesn't live in the ocean.  people cannot live in the ocean.  noise relax the  mind. noise disturb the mind. noise stimulates the mind. noise will do the opposite to relaxing the mind.  he used bells to make silent. bells are ringing loudly so wont be silent when rings. bells make noise. "bells make noise, they are not silent.". my uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant.  an uncle is a man and cannot be pregnant.  the uncle is a male. "an uncle is a male, so he is a he, not a she.". the fish batted the ball around the living room.  "fish live in water tanks, not out in the living room.". a fish doesn't have hands so it can't bat a ball. fish cant play in a living room. a man ate plastic box for his health development. plastic not a eatable things for humans. plastic is inedible.  plastic box is not edible food for a man.  if you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital.  it would be silly to go to the hospital for a broken cell phone.  "a hospital is to fix people, not cell phones.". a hospital doesn't have the tools to fix a cell phone. he changed the air.  a light bulb can be replaced and air can not.  you can not change air.  "you cannot change air itself, only add things to it.". he turned on the fan since it was dark. fan cannot illuminate a place. a fan does not provide light.  fans don't provide light.  he take a hill. hill is not a taking object. hills cannot be moved. hills are too big to be eaten.  he buys a microphone to listen to music. a microphone cannot reproduce music. a microphone does not play music.  no one can listen music from microphone. i need to fly in a train to california.  train does not fly.  trains don't fly.  trains don't fly.  human goes faster than light. light is the faster physician fenomen. nothing goes faster than light.  humans cannot run faster than than light. you can buy people at the mall.  people can't be bought. people are not things to be bought. "you can only buy things like clothes, shoes, food, etc. at the mall.". the red ball threw joe to tom.  a red ball can not throw a person.  the ball can't throw itself.  balls cannot throw.  he cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator.  popcorn doesn't cook in cold temperature.  refrigerators are not used for any type of cooking.  "a refrigerator keeps things cold, it does not cook things.". minecraft is a perfect representation of reality. minecraft graphics are not realistic. videogame can not represent reality. miecraft is a game it does not represent reality in any way. i am going to book buy to fancy store. fancy store is not book sell. books are more commonly bought in book stores.  fancy stores don't sell books. he went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party.  you can't get ready for a birthday party at a butcher shop.  there would be no need for a visit to a butcher shop to get ready for a party.  a butcher shop is for getting cuts of meat.  he lit the water.  water can't burn.  water cannot be lit. water cannot light up.  he put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator. the pizza will not cook or stay frozen in the refridgerator.  "a refrigerator keeps things cold, it does not cook them.". one does not cook in the refrigerator.  something that you find in the sky is dogs.  dogs can't fly.  dogs do not fly.  dogs do not fly. he put a house in his pocket. a house cannot fit in a pocket. no one can put a real house in his pocket.  a house is way too big to fit in a pocket.  i like eating concrete. concrete cannot be eaten. concrete is not edible.  concrete is not the food. he drove a plane on the road. planes do not drive on roads. planes are drove in air. a plane is not driven nor can be on a road.  "to get across an ocean, you need a car". cars can't drive on water. a car would sink - you need a boat. cars don't float.  she lived in a chocolate bar. we do not build homes out of chocolate. chocolate bar is for eating. chocolate bars cannot accommodate people inside them. my electric car is silly. silly is an adjetive that can only define a human behavior. a car will always have a stunning look.  cars are not silly. a computer is a natural item. "a computer is made of electronic items, not naturally occurring items". a computer is a manufactured item.  computers are manmade.  elephants are hard-working insects. "elephants are mammals, not insects". elephants are mammals.  elephants are not insects. christmas is a time for working all day. "typically, people have holidays on christmas". christmas is a holiday so people are off from work.  christmas is a holiday when few people work. in coconut we do not eat much rice. a coconut is not a place. you can't eat in a coconut. people don't live in a coconut.  i put dirty utensils in the wasing machine.  washing machine washes dirty clothes and linen.  dirty utensils don't get cleaned in a washing machine.  a washing machine cleans clothing.  he bought new mobile with his teeth. teeth is not accepted to buy things. you can buy things with money.  teeth not use to buy anything. senior citizens may be young.  young people cannot be old.  seniors are older in age. senior citizens cannot be young.  "if you need a haircut, you go to mcdonalds.". mcdonalds does not cut hair.  "mcdonalds serves hamburgers, they do not cut hair.". mcdonalds does not provide haircuts.  meals leave dishes to be thrown away.  people wash and reuse their dishes.  dishes are washed after a meal.  you do not throw away dishes if they are dirty.  "it is monday, so i need to go shopping for gifts.". monday has no special reason to buy gifts.  people do not give gifts every monday. monday does not indicate any special occasion. microscopes allow people to see distant objects. microscopes allow people to see close objects. microscopes allow one to see tiny objects.  microscopes are used to see small objects up close and magnified.  she took to sea in a colander.  a colander will not float in the sea.  a colander would sink because of the holes.  a colander has holes and will leak it taken to sea.  he take hills at 8.00 am. hills is not a small object. hills cannot be taken. hills are too big to be swallowed.  the car is in the backpack. a car is much bigger than a backpack. a car is way too big to fit into a backpack.  a car wouldn't fit into a backpack.  my mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from new york to new jersey.  a mother is a person and persons does not occupy the trunk of a car during a trip.  it's not nice to squeeze someone into trunk.  people should not ride in the trunk of the car.  my brother eat fire. fire is not food item. fire is not eatable. fire is not edible. my car is bigger than my house.  a car is much smaller than a house.  car's cannot be bigger than a house. a car cant be bigger than a house unless it is a dog house.  he went to the toy store to eat.  a toy store does not sell food.  toy stores do not serve food. "toy stores carry toys, not food.". he took the picture with the calculator. calculator is a mathematical device. calculators do not have cameras. "a calculator is used to do math, it can't take pictures". she was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen. kitchen is usually a place to cook food and cannot conduct a party. a kitchen is not a sensical place for a party.  birthday parties do  not happen in the kitchen.  i use a pot to light the candles. pot cannot create fire. a pot has no way of creating a flame to light a candle.  a pot can't light a candle.  he is laughing a letter to a friend.  "a letter can be laughed at, but it must be written.". "letters cannot be ""laughed.""". a letter cannot be laughed into existence. the dog will crow at dawn.  a dog barks and not crow.  "a dog barks, it doesn't crow". dog can bark not crow. he drank a full glass of bleach. bleach is used to clean not as a drink for humans. bleach is toxic. bleach is a cleaning liquid. i love watching reality shows live on radio.  radio does not have an audio visual screen to watch.  radio shows can only be heard and not seen.  "the radio is only audio, you cannot watch anything on it". the boy drove his scissors to school.  scissors are not a vehicle.  "scissors are for cutting paper, they cannot drive.". scissors cannot be driven. he parked a truck in a small garage. "a truck is a lot larger than a car, especially for a small garage". truck is larger than small garage. truck is big. my sister drives a chicken to work.  chicken are too small to be used as transportation.  chickens are a small bird.  one can't drive a chicken.  he gave milk to the table. table is not a living thing. a table is not alive.  the milk would just spill over the table.  one impairment a chair might have is back pain.  chairs do not feel pain.  a chair is not alive and therefore does not have pain.  chair is a non living thing. he was goes to the hotel to write his semester exams.  no one goes to hotel to write  an exams. hotel is an eating place. "semester exams must be taken at college, not a hotel.". some people has tiger as domesticated animals.  tiger are not a domesticated animals.  "tiger is a very strong wild animal , human cannot control it easily". tigers are wild animlas. animals can photograph people with cameras.  animals cannot operate a camera.  "animals cannot photograph, only people.". animals don't know how to use cameras. dog is men's fried pan. dogs are not fried pan. dogs are not for putting in a fry pan.  "a dog is animal, not an inanimate object.". potato soup is made with printer ink.  printer ink is not edible.  printer ink is not edible and it's called potato soup because it is made of potatoes. printer ink is not edible and potatoes are.  my brother eat fridge. fridge is not a food item. "a fridge is not an edible item, nor is it a food.". fridges are bigger than most people.  my fish likes eating cats.  fish don't eat cats.  a cat is much larger than a fish and a fish would never eat a cat.  "usually fish doesn't go for cat for food, however, cats likes eat fish". i went to market by my table.  nobody can drive a table.  a market does not typically exist inside a room with a table. tables don't move. moon is red in color. moon is white in color. the moon is white. when you look at the moon it is either white or yellow depending on what time it is.  they were travelling in a plate on the ocean. people cannot fit on a plate to travel. a plate would sink if you were on it in the ocean.  plates cannot be used for travelling.  jeff ate coffee. coffee cannot be eaten; it can only be consumed. coffee is a liquid.  coffee is liquid. "a termite should be determined, but must know when to let go". "from what we know, a person can feel things but a termite is an insect that acts on instinct.". what does a termite have to let go of?. termites are not rational beings.  the man stapled some houses together.  staples would not be able to hold houses together.  houses cannot be stapled together by the man.  houses are far too big to use staples on.  he washed clothes in car. car is used for travelling. a car is for transportation and not for doing laundry.  in car we cant washed clothes.  the old donut of spain had many wives. a donut cannot have wives. donuts are pastries.  donuts are food.  he has ten fingers in one hand.  no one has ten fingers in one hand.  a hand has five fingers.  he has five fingers on one hand. birds like to bathe in a volcano.  volcanoes would kill a bird because it is too hot.  volcano is a place not to take bathe by the bird.  volcanos are not for bathing.  electronics can run with water.  electronics need electricity in order to function.  electronics will break in water. electronics and water do not mix. . we can trap a tiger using a mouse trap. a mouse trap is tiny compare to a tiger's feet. a tiger is much larger than a mouse trap.  an tiger is much bigger than a mouse trap.  a television is used for cleaning teeth.  televisions are used for watching video and audio.  television only shows program. televisions are too large to fit in a person's mouth. a phone is used to send clothes.  clothes can't be sent by a phone.  phones cannot transport physical items. phone is for making communication with others not sending goods.  he called his friend on the lightbulb. lightbulbs can't make calls. lightbulbs can not make calls.  "lightbulb gives us light, it is not used for speaking.". she ate an essay.  essays are not edible.  an essay is not edible.  essay cannot ate.  he print a laptop from a printer. a printer cannot print a laptop. you cannot print a laptop.  a printer is too small to print a laptop. rock are animals and can feel pain. "rocks are inanimate objects, not animals". rock are materials which cannot feel pain. rock are not animals that cannot feel pain.  roadkill makes great party decorations. "roadkill is ugly, smelly and unsanitary". roadkill not used for decorations. roadkill is not a fun thing to have around. i am eating my dinner in the morning. dinner is somethingwe eat at night. breakfast is eaten in the morning.  you eat breakfast in the morning.  photographs are captured by a calculator. a calculator can only solve mathematical operations.  calculators are used for math.  calculator used for calculation. he likes to eat stones. stones cannot be eaten while cookies are delicious. stones are not edible.  stones are not food. he was sent to restaurant for stealing. restaurant is not a place for punishing crimals. a restaurant does not have stealing.  a restaurant is for dining and isn't a prison.  the cat barks all day long. "cats do not bark, they meow". cats do not bark.  cats cannot bark.  he kept an helicopter above the chair. helicopter is much bigger than chair. helicopters are too large to place above chairs. helicopter wont fit in the house. i threw the treadmill to my son.  a treadmill is too heavy to throw.  you run on treadmills. treadmill is not used to threw.  he brushed his eyes with a toothbrush. a toothbrush can hurt your eyes. a toothbrush is for brushing teeth.  brushing your eyes with a toothbrush can make you blind. we can fly daily to stay healthy.  humans do not have ability to fly.  "you don't get healthy by flying daily, or flying in general.". we are incapable of flying.  my son like to eat tiger after meal. you cannot eat tiger. tigers are not eaten by most humans.  a tiger is not something that you eat.  i appear to have dropped my elephant. nobody can hold an elephant to drop. elephant cannot be dropped.  a elephant is too heavy to be carried and dropped.  she placed the car into the fridge.  a car is bigger than a fridge.  a car is a lot bigger than a fridge. a car would not fit in a fridge.  movies are screened in hospitals. hospitals are to treat the patients.  hospitals are where sick people go to get better.  hospitals do not screen movies.  the dog walked into the sky.  a dog cannot walk into the sky.  dogs need to be grounded to walk. dogs cannot fly. people eat bricks for breakfast. people do not eat bricks. people do not eat bricks for breakfast.  people don't eat bricks.  she is a dragon. dragons do not exists. a woman cannot be an imaginary creature.  she cannot be a woman and a dragon. he made an apple of pies. you can't make an apple using pies. you cannot make apples from pies because they grow from trees.  he can not make apple of pies.  something might you do after eating is flying in air. humans cannot fly in air. people can''t fly and eating doesn't make a difference.  people can not fly.  i go to jail to get a bachelor's degree. jails are not part of the education system. you go to jail when you've committed a crime.  you go to jail for breaking the law. he is cutting his hair with knife.  knife  have one blade works in one direction and scissors have specific blade angles ideal for cutting hair.  hair is not something that can be cut with knife.  a knife is not a tool used by a barber.  we eat dinner during the day.  dinner is eaten during the night.  dinner is being served at the evening.  dinner is eaten at night. i want to be a computer.  it is impossible for a person to be a computer.  he can not be a computer.  computers are not careers. my favorite milk is turkey milk.  turkey are birds and produces no milk.  there is no such thing as turkey milk.  turkey does not provide milk.  a gun can be used for feed people. no one use gun for feed people. guns cannot feed people.  gun is not for eat. bees make honey for elephants. elephants don't eat honey. elephant is large in size so bees will not make honey for it.  elephants are scared of bees.  licking the ground taste sweet. licking the ground will not taste sweet because there is no taste. the ground will not taste sweet if licked. dirt does not have a good taste. you can not breath under water without a puppet. puppets do not provide oxygen. a puppet cannot help you to breathe. puppets don't supply the oxygen needed to breathe underwater. a house phone can make calls anywhere.  a house phone is used for making calls from your house.  a house phone can only make calls in the house. a house phone is not able to be used in different locations.  chilly powder is sweet in taste. chilly powder is spicy in taste. chilly powder is spicy.  chilly powder does not taste sweet.  i brush my teeth with a knife. you can't brush your teeth with a knife because it's sharp. a knife would cut you.  a knife is used for cutting purpose not for brushing our teeth.  the man lived on the moon. its not possible to live on the moon. moon is not the place for living.  men cannot live on the moon.  he drove a helicopter to work. helicopters cant be driven. "helicopters cannot be ""driven.""". helicopters fly. she sails the lake on a car. a car is less buoyant than a boat. boat only used for travel on water. you drive with a car. she put jelly on her hair to clean it.  jelly is sticky and doesn't have cleaning power.  you don't put jelly in your hair. you put jelly on bread.  jelly does not clean anything.  a pastor preaches the law. a pastor knows more about the law of god than the law of man. "a pastor does not know  law, he preaches only religion.". pastors do not preach the law.  she parked her car on top of mine. you can not park one car on top of another. cars are very heavy and cannot be parked on top of one another. car cannot park on the top of mine.  he put gas in his bicycle.  bicycles run on pedal power instead of gas.  you have to peddle a bike not put fuel in it. bicycles don't run on gas.  something you find in sea is elephant. a elephant cannot live in under water. you find elephants on land. elephants live on land.  it is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day.  "if you closed an umbrella when it is raining, you will get wet.". rainy days umbrella should be open. "it would be counter productive to close an umbrella when it is rainy, especially if you are outside.". a party nullifies a marriage.  parties have nothing to do with canceling a marriage.  party duty not nullifies a marriage. a party is a group of people hanging out. there are lot of buildings in a forest. usually forest have very few building or no buildings at all. a forest is an uninhabited area.  buildings do not commonly appear in a forest.  people don't need to drink water to live.  an average person will dies after 3 days without water.  water is a must for people to survive. people are made up of more than 80% water.  a band is made up of several pieces of candy.  candy has nothing to do with what makes up a band.  several pieces of candy is called candies. a candy is a sweet product.  he went to office in pen. pen is not a vehicle. a pen is not a vehicle.  a pen is a writing implement and not a means of transportation.  i ran a brick. a brick is not a unit of distance. you  can't   run  a  brick.  people can not run a brick only throw it. she brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market. "people wont get electricity from market, cannot be brought in kilograms". "kilograms are a measure of mass, not electricity.". electricity cannot be purchased in kilogram quantities.  cars cause nothing to the environment.  cars emit carbon dioxide which causes climate change. causing more frequent natural disasters.  everything damages the environment.  the fossil fuels cars use impact the environment. people want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl. a monkey is an animal and cannot perform music at a public event. people want something entertaining to watch during the superbowl. the superbowl is not a place for monkeys. baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball.  "baseball players chew guy, not use it to catch baseballs.". bubble gum is not used to catch the baseball.  bubble gum is chewed in the mouth.  he took the boat to croos the street. the boat is a mean of transportation that does not work on land. the boat can not be used to cross the street.  boats are not used for driving on streets.  "to have a conversation, you need just one person.". it takes at least two people to have a conversation.  one person speaking is a monologue not a conversation. "one person would have no one else to talk to, and so could not have a conversation.". a fish can fly.  fish only swims.  a fish can swim only. a fish cannot fly.  the dog ate the car inside the house. dogs cannot eat cars as food. a car is made of metal and cannot be eaten by dogs.  a car is too big for a dog to eat. he ate a big piece of paper.  people don't eat paper.  paper cannot be ate.  paper is not a eatable thing. he drove his house to work.  a house is not an automobile and cannot be driven.  a house is not a vehicle and you can't drive it.  its impossible to drive a house. he bought a drink from the police station. police station is not a place to sell things. the police station doesn't sell drinks.  "drinks aren't sold at police station, only bonds". the sun is too cold. "the sun has a surface temperature of 5,778 k. therefore, the sun cannot be cold". the moon is cold. the sun is not too cold.  the boy hit the baseball with the broom.  "when playing baseball, the ball is hit with a bat, not a broom.". brooms are not sturdy enough to forcefully move a baseball through the air. the broom would break if you hit a baseball with it. a knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks. knifes are not used to cut bricks. "a knife cuts food, not bricks". a knife is not sharp enough to cut  the bricks.  there are lot of cats on the rose plant. cats are animals and never found on rose plants. cats don't grow on plants.  cats are animals and can't grow on a plant. she eat chicken from her vegetable soup. no vegetable soup contain chicken. vegetable soup does not have chicken to eat.  vegetable soup does not have chicken.  "everyone at the party had a drink, but some of them did not.". "if everyone had a drink, then there was no one who did not have a drink.". everyone cannot have had a drink if some did not.  everyone means all of them. but it mentioned as some of them again.  . men don't have hair. it's obvious that men have hair. men are born with hair.  most people male or female have hair.  he was fishing in the ladder. ladder is an object to climb up and is not a place. fishes don't live in ladder. you can only go fishing in a body of water.  the patient diagnosed the doctor's symptoms.  "doctors are responsible for the diagnosis of patients, not the other way around.". the patient can not diagnosed the doctor's symptoms.  a patient is not educated to diagnose symptoms.  "if you want to get drunk, you must consume food.". food does not get you drunk.  "food doesn't get you drunk, drinks do.". if we consume food we cannot get drunk.  i like to watch birds with washing machines.  you cannot use washing machines to watch things.  you can not see through a washing machine.  washing machine is a machine which we use for washing clothes.  the rock melt in the sun.  a rock cannot melt.  rocks do not melt.  rocks do not melt by sitting in the sun.  my keys are made of ice. ice would melt and it is no more a key. ice melts and is unreliable. ice is a very weak material for keys and would break easily.  water comes out of bathroom mirror. mirror cannot deliver water like water taps. mirrors are not water sources.  a mirror does not produce water.  he ordered a doctor. "you cant order a doctor, you must visit a clinic or a hospital". doctors are people and cannot be ordered.  you don't order a doctor. "patient, a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill.". patient is the person who is ill. patient is a person not to treat people who are ill.  a patient does not treat sick people.  a person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher. teacher is a person who teaches students. a teacher teaches the people who study.  teachers are who teach the students.  he bought a t-rex to a school classroom. dinosaurs are extinct. the t-rex is extinct.  t-rex is extinct.  i ate the whiteboard for lunch.  you can't eat a whiteboard.  whiteboards are not edible. whiteboard is not a food.  he put the pliers in the guacamole.  pliers are not a food ingredient.  pliers cannot put in the guacamole.  pliers is not something that put in the guacamole.  the woman has to breastfeed her teddy before going to work.  teddy's are non living thing and cannot breastfeed.  a teddy is a things which has no life.  teddys are fake animals and cannot drink milk. restaurant is place where people come to cook food. usually people can only order food and eat at a restaurant. restaurants are where you go to have others prepare food for you.  people do not cook their own food in a restaurant.  a horse lives on the moon.  no animals can live on the moon.  there is no oxygen on the moon therefore the horse will not live.  there is no horse lives on the moon.  she washed her shirt in a thimble.  her shirt was much larger than a thimble.  a thimble is small and has holes. thimbles are too small for clothes. one thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud. people usually don't roll in mud after they bathe. mud will make you dirty. "you want to avoid getting dirty after bathing, and mud is dirty". i fell  in love with my colored pencils. one can only fall in love with a person. people do not feel so strongly for pencils.  colored pencils cannot be loved.  a rat chased killed ate the cat. "a rat is much smaller than cat, a rat cant kill a cat". a rat would lose the fight.  cat is powerful than rat. he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick. a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment. after being sick most people don't go to eat.  restaurants don't have doctors or medical equipments to treat a sick person. apartments are build for a single family  to live .  the main reason of building apartments are to make large number of family to live in a same place.  an apartment is much bigger for a single family to live.  "multiple families can live in apartments, so it would not make sense for only one family to occupy all of them.". crocodiles are considered to be mammals.  crocodiles are considered to be reptiles and not mammals.  crocodiles are reptiles.  crocodiles is not a mammals. feeding category called mammals. crocodiles are carnivorous.  you may considered unlucky if you win a prize.  no one considered to be unlucky when they win a prize. "prizes are considered a benefit, not a detriment.". winning a prize is random and therefore lucky.  something you will find in a bedroom is a car. everyone who has a car usually park it outside of  a buildings. a car cannot be parked in a bedroom.  you find a car in the garage. she hate it when the cows start barking. usually cows don't bark. a cow does not bark.  "cows do not bark, they say moo.". doors are to travel from one place to another place. doors are not meant for travelling.  doors are not vehicles.  doors is not a thing to move from one place to another place.  he used the match box to light the pen. pen is an object to write and cannot illuminate. pen is not easily flammable thing. match boxes need a match to be struck on them to create fire. the world is so small. "the world is very big, and there is so much to explore. therefore, it cannot be small". a small place could not be the home of the over 7 billion people that live in the world today. the world is so big that we still have more space without human being than with human.  he put the child in the mailbox. children don't belong in mailboxes. putting a child in a mailbox is child abuse.  a child is not a object.  clouds are seen in the earth. clouds can only be seen in the sky. clouds are above earth.  clouds is does not seen in the earth.  she grows helicopters in her garden.  helicopters are not grown.  you cannot grow a helicopter.  helicopters don't grow. she used her dog to drive away from city. a dog cannot be used to driven. dog is not a vehicle to drive away. dog cannot used to drive away from the city.  he wears a baboon to cook.  no one wears baboons as clothes.  baboon is not a wearable thing. baboon's are living animals. jhone cooked food to sleep. people cook food to eat. food cannot sleep.  food is not alive and therefore cannot sleep.  a potato can be used to tell the time.  a potato is a type of vegetable.  potatoes are food.  potato never shows time. dogs can eat lots of chocolate.  dogs cannot eat cocoa which is present in chocolate.  chocolate is toxic to dogs.  chocolate makes dogs sick. you can heat a turkey in the freezer. "the freezer is too cold, and therefore, cannot heat a turkey". freezers can't heat things.  the temperature of the frrezer is too cold and nothing can be heated on it. a  lion uses vegetables to cook dinner.  a lion cannot cook.  a lion does not cook.  lions can't cook.  he drove his donkey to work.  donkey are not driven.  "a donkey is an animal and can only be ridden, not drove". a donkey isn't a mode of transportation to get to work.  he ate shampoo for dinner. you cannot eat shampoo. shampoo is not an edible item.  humans cannot eat shampoo.  the dog took him for a walk. a dog cannot walk a man. "dogs are pets, humans are not pets to dogs". dogs to not walk people. i like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs. nail spa mostly deals with nail services like manicure and is not for hair care. you go to a hair salon to paint your hair. nail salon is a place not to paint the hairs.  he put a fridge into the purse. fridge is much bugger than a purse. a refrigerator is much bigger than a purse.  you can't fit a fridge in a purse. i am walking the car. you cannot go for a walk with a car. "you drive a car, it isn't walked.". cars cannot walk.  she wears her swimsuit when it's cold. a coat is warmer than a swimsuit. swimsuit is a dress material not to put when it's cold.  one cannot survive the cold with a swimsuit.  he went to restaurant for hair cut. restaurant is a place that offers food. there are no hair stylists and hair equipment in a restaurant. restaurants do not offer haircuts.  liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant. liz can't ate an elephant as they are to big to be eaten. elephants are animals and some are considered endangered.  an elephant is not something you can eat.  i ate grilled and peppered red stone for dinner yesterday.  stone iscannot no food and cannot be eaten.  red stone will break your teeth no matter how well grilled. you cannot eat stone. i need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman's tablet.  tablets has on ink and cannot print.  tables is not something that prints hard copies of the document.  a tablet can't print paper.  people use cups to keep dry when it rains. cups can't block the rain. cups can not keep people dry if it rains. cups do not help keep people dry when it's raining.  when you go opposite to east you are going to north. west is in the direction opposite to east. north is opposite of south.  east is not opposite of north. mobile phones is useless. mobile phones can make communication easier.  mobile phones are not useless.  mobile phones provide many helps. you might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant.  diamonds are not food.  diamonds are not edible.  diamonds are not edible. "temple, church and mosque  are the places where people sleep". usually people sleep at bed not at some religious place. "temples, churches and mosques are for people to practice their religion.". "temple, church and mosque are not the places where people sleep.". the woman is as beautiful as a salami. salamis has no relation to people. comparing a woman to a salami doesn't mean she's beautiful.  a salami is not considered beautiful.  they drive the car flying over chicago. cars can't fly. a car cannot fly.  you fly an airplane not a car. many innocents will get arrested soon. only criminals need to be arrested. innocents can not be arrested.  innocent people do not commit crimes and are not arrested.  jeff drove into the store. "an individual is not meant to drive a car into a store, but rather walk into a store". a car can't fit through any noral store's door.  "you drive to the store, not into the store.". an aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road. usually aeropolane is used to travel in air. aeroplane is not an automobile that you use to travel on road.  aeroplanes don't drive. she told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping.  if you buy something you must have been doing shopping.  it's not possible to buy something without actually going shopping.  without shopping she cannot buy something for her husband.  you can walk like a fish. fishes don't walk. they swim in water. fish cannot walk.  fish never walk. tetris is a house. "tetris is not a house, is a a videogame". tetris is a playing game.  i can't play a house.  every animal is safe to touch and eat.  some animals eject poisonous liquid that can possibly kill a human.  most animals will harm you if touched or eaten. some animals are dangerous. people can eat metal for breakfast. people do not eat metal. metal is not a good source of nutrition for breakfast. people don't eat metal. the man jumped over the building. building are too tall to jump over. a man is not tall enough to jump over s building.  buildings are much taller than men. she sees an alligator in the sky. alligators cannot fly while birds can. alligators are in the water. alligators are not seen up in the sky.  his wife gave birth to a spoon. spoon is a kitchen utensil. a spoon is used to eat soup with.  a spoon cannot be birth by this wife.  i went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer. "grocery store is a place to sell groceries, food, drinks and not for repairs". grocery stores cannot repair computers.  nobody is able to fix a computer at a grocery store.  he put mustard on his ice cream.  mustard doesn't taste good with ice cream.  mustard would not taste good with ice cream.  mustard is not used as a syrup. the man has a conversation with a wall. walls cant talk. "a wall is a non-living thing, so we can't talk to it.". speaking to a wall is pointless.  lions live in igloos in antarctica.  lions don't live in cold climates like antarctica.  lions cannot live in freezing temperatures.  too cold for african lifeforms in antarctica. flowers are likely to be found in the sky.  flowers are grown on trees which have roots within the ground.  flowers never grow on sky. flowers are stuck on the land. he fishes tuna in the supermarket. "tuna is a fish, does not live in supermarkets". you don't go fishing in a supermarket.  you do not fish in a supermarket.  he took money from key. key is an object which cannot hold money. money cannot be kept in a key.  money is not kept in a key.  my father gave me paper to buy a new game.  we can't use paper to buy something.  you cannot use paper to make a purchase. paper is not used to buy a new game.  he threw a whale over the house. a whale is too heavy to throw. a whale is to heavy to throw over a house. a whale is too heavy to throw.  it is inhuman declawing babies.  babies does not have claws but nails.  i don't believe babies have claws.  babies don't get declawed. he bought a bike chain for his wife's neck. bike chain is not an ornament to wear in neck. you use bike chains for bikes. bike chains are for helping a bike to be pedaled.  you need to bath because you are fat. you have reduce your body if your fat not to take bath. bathing never decrease fat. taking a bath wont change the fact that you are fat.  she feeds coins to the birds.  birds do not eat coins.  birds never eat coins. birds don't eat coins. my father row a boat in road for fishing.  boat is used to commute in water bodies not in land.  roads are for cars.  boats cannot traverse land.  i went out and immediately went out again.  you cannot go out if you are already out.  you can only go out immediately one time if you are out. one can not go out and then go out immediately. the boy had to buy food for his pet elephant.  elephants are not pets.  elephant are not kept as pets. elephants are not kept as pets.  with the remote she changed the people in her living room. it is impossible to change people with remote. you can't change people with a remote.  with the remote we can only change the channels not people.  some gardens contains dinosaurs. dinosaurs are extincted. "dinosaurs are extinct and would not exist anywhere, including gardens.". dinosaurs are extinct.  she rented a new car from the library. only books are available from library for rentals. you   don't   rent  cars   from  a  library.  library will not rent you are car. she ate a car. a person can't eat a car. humans cannot eat cars.  a person is not able to eat a car.  jose has many friends because he is tall. being tall does not explain why a person has many friends. being tall doesn't let you make friends easier.  friendship is not based upon physical characteristics. football is played using shuttle cork. shuttle cork is used in badminton games. shuttle corks don't exist. you don't use a shuttle cork for football. a watchman can dress a wound. watchmen usually safe guard premises. a watchman is a person who cannot dress a wound.  a watchman makes sure an area is safe and that the people in the area are safe as well.  children like playing with lightning in the rain.  lightning can kill children.  children do not like to play in the rain with like me.  "lightening cannot be played with, it could kill you.". eating junk food is healthy. eating junk food is harmful to health. junk food is high in fats and carbohydrates which contribute to weight gain and cardiomyopathies. junk food does not contain vitamins or nutrients for a healthy body.  the shower is to clean the air outside.  the shower can't clean air. shower is for cleaning body.  showers clean people and cant clean the air. air cannot be clean by the shower.  mark answered his banana.  you are unable to answer a banana.  a banana cannot ask a question to be answered as it is a non living thing.  bananas are fruits and don't communicate.  coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine.  coffee is not a stimulant and is a beverage.  coffee is not a stimulant found in caffeine.  coffee not found in caffine. they went out for breakfast and drank shoes.  shoes cannot be drunk.  shoes are not a liquid and you can't drink them.  shoes are articles of clothing and not liquid.  fire is unharmful.  fire gives burns which hurts.  fire can burn or kill you.  we need firefighters because fire is harmful.  he went to school to watch movies. school does not play movies. you go to the movie theater to watch movies. school is a place not to watch movies.  goats can lay eggs. goat is a mammal so it can give birth to a kid. goats are mammals that engage in live births. goats are a mammal and mammals do not lay eggs.  he ate an apple-tree. a person can't eat a tree. one cannot eat an entire apple tree. an apple tree is much bigger than him.  a cat laid an egg. a cat laying eggs must not be a cat after-all. "cats have kittens, not eggs.". cats are mammals and mammals do not lay eggs. she put the shoe on her hand. "shoes go on feet, not on hands". shoe cannot put on the hand.  shoes go on the feet.  "if you want to quench your thirst, you must drink alcoholic beverages.". "alcohol will not quench thirst, it actually dehydrates your body.". you do not have to  drink alcoholic beverages to quench your thirst.  you do not have drink alocoholic beverages to quench your thirst.  he ordered leather to eat. no one eats leather. leather is inedible.  leather is not a eating product. the dog rode a bicycle to work. a dog cannot ride a bicycle. the legs of dogs are too short to reach the pedals.  "dogs don't have work that requires them to take a bicycle, not that they could ride one.". the television watched him. the television has no eyes and cannot watch. television has no eyes like humans. only living things with eyes are capable of watching someone. cars are made of fuel. "cars aren't made of fuel, they burn it to produce energy and work". cars are made not of fuel.  fuel is a liquid which cannot be used to make cars.  the center of some grapes have leaf.  there is no grape with leaves in the center of grape. leaves are on the outside of the grapes.  leaf cannot present in the center of some grapes.  he went to the theater with swimming suit. theater is a place to watch movie. you do not swim at the theater.  swimming suit is suitable for pool.  he drinks hair-dye everymorning.  no one can drink hair-dye in everymorning.  hair-dye is inedible.  hair-dye is toxic to drink.  custodians design buildings at night. "custodians do not design buildings, they clean them". custodians clean up messes. "architects design buildings, not custodians.". some people take bath in a cupboard. a cupboard is a place where we keeps our things not to take bath in it. a cupboard cannot hold water.  cups go in cupboards. you can write without a pen. you need something to write with. without pen we cannot write.  people don't write without a pen.  a knife is to lock down the house. knives are used to cut the vegetables. "knives are for cutting, not locking things.". a knife does not lock.  the dog flew over the car. a dog cannot fly. a dog does not fly.  dogs can not fly.  "to wash dishes, just put them in the oven.". ovens do not wash dishes.  ovens do not have water to soak dishes. ovens do not clean things.  "if you want to become rich, you have to beg". you wont become rich by begging. becoming rich requires work. beggars are poor.  a police stole all the golds with him and left. usually police wont steel they will catch thief. a police is a person not to stole the goods.  a police do not stole the golds.  a bridge is a cancer over a body of water. cancer is a disease and does not make sense to be used to describe what a bridge does. cancer is a disease.  cancer is a disease of a human body and cant be a bridge. i just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan.  trash are thrown into trash cans and not cooking pans like the frying pan.  "the frying pan is used for fry, it is not a trash can.". a frying pan is used for cooking food and should not be used for trash.  she planned a brush.  you cannot plan an inanimate object.  "a brush is for your hair, so you can't plan one.". a brush is not a planned event.  the police officer arrested the car.  only people can be arrested for crimes.  cars can't be arrested.  a car is not something that gets arrested.  "my mom is the best, she knits the best meals.". its impossible to knit a meal.  meals are not knitted.  knitting cannot produce a meal.  electric lights are used to see sun during night. it is impossible to see sun at night. the sun cannot be seen during night.  sun is not visible during night even with electric lights.  i cooked a potato in the sink.  a sink is not used to cook food.  sink is a place not to cook.  a sink cannot be used for cooking. he used a charging cable to hear music. charging cables cant play music. a charging cable is incapable of carrying acoustics.  a charging cable is used to charge our phones.  a person eats a car.  a car is too big to eat.  a human cannot eat a car.  a car is much bigger than a person.  a bucket carries a lake.  a lake is much bigger than a bucket.  a bucket is too small to carry a lake. lakes cannot fit into a bucket.  the ocean is filled with elephants.  elephants don't flow like water.  elephants are land dwelling animals.  elephants are the animals which cannot be filled in the ocean.  i will walk my house. houses are impossible to walk. "people walk dogs not horses, horses are ridden". houses do not have legs and are not alive.  he put a horse in his car. a horse cannot fit in the car. a horse is too big to put in a car.  horses are large farm animals.  she threw the live cow into the trash can. cows are living creatures that are too big for trash cans. live cows are not to be thrown away as it is unethical. living things do not get thrown away.  wheels are square.  squares can't roll while circles can.  wheels are always available in round. squares do not roll like circles.  he called his mother with his toaster.  you cannot make calls with a toaster.  toaster cannot make calls. toasters cannot make phone calls.  chess played with his mind.  chess can not play a person.  chess cannot perform actions.  "chess is not something with its own volition, it is only a game". a person can stay at a dog while on vacation.  you cannot find shelter under a dog.  "a dog is an animal, not a hotel.". a dog is not a location but rather a living being. he threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke.  the ball will bounce instead of break.  a bouncy ball will bounce.  the ball is rubber and would not break.  the rice was always open. rice can not be opened. "rice is a food, therefore it cannot be open". rice is closed thing. you can find groceries in art galleries. art galleries do not contain groceries. art galleries aren't equipped to store groceries.  groceries are found in a grocery store.  they went to the bathroom for a swim. you cannot swim in the bath. bathrooms do not house pools. bathroom is not a place for swim. vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table.  people aren't cacti.  the cactus is not a knight. vaughn is a human name and a cactus has no feelings. he washes his hands with dirt.  dirt cannot be used to clean. dirt will not make your hands clean. you dig with dirt. he went to the grocery store to buy a red car. you buy apples at the grocery store not cars. you buy cars at a car dealership. grocery stores do not sell cars.  she read a fish.  a fish has no words to be read.  no writing on a fish.  a fish is an animal that cannot be read.  he lifted a moose.  a moose weighs more than a barbell.  a moose is a very heavy animal.  moose are very heavy and cannot be lifted by the average human. the dog put the clothes in the washing machine.  dogs cannot wash clothes in a washing machine.  a dog does not know how to operate a washing machine.  dogs do not have hands. water makes rich men. there is no logical link between water and wealth. water is a liquid and cannot be turned into physical money. water is not a currency. if you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree.  you can't set a cup on a tree.  cup would fall off a tree. having a tree does not quickly fix thia problem.  letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family.  "the jungle is full of dangerous animals, and it is easy to get lost.". the jungle is too dangerous for children to wander through alone.  children would die or get lost if they were alone there.  the dog leaves the yard.  the dog cannot leave the yard because the yard is enclosed by a fence.  the dog does not leave the yard.  dog only run. stones poured through the tap. stones are solid substances and cannot be poured. stones are not made of liquid and thus cannot be poured. stone is a solid substance which cannot be poured through tap.  he's cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher. a dishwasher is used to clean dishware. the dishwasher is not for clothing. dishwasher can not clean clothes.  i didn't want to go home because i didn't study.  you don't have to study to go home.  "you do not study for home, but for a class.". home is not a place where you go to study.  the rock climbed up the tree. rocks can not move. the rock does not climbed up the tree.  rocks cannot move on their own.  homosexuality is socially fabricated and made-up.  science overwhelmingly shows sexual orientation originating from many inherent biological and neurological factors.  homosexuality is real. homosexuality is a sexual oreientation. he put a whole ostrich in the microwave.  an ostrich will not fit in the microwave.  ostriches are too big to fit in a microwave.  a whole ostrich would not fit in the microwave.  she went to the butcher to have her hair cut. butchers don't cut hair. you buy meat at a butcher shop.  work of a butcher is to cut animals not hair.  you are likely to find rivers in a library. rivers are much bigger than books. a river is full of water.  a library does not contain rivers.  babies are good public speakers.  babies can't talk.  babies are not able to give speeches.  public speakers can not be babies. she fed her baby plastic. plastic is inedible. that is child abuse. plastic is not baby food.  trucks are used to fly. trucks cannot fly. trucks cannot fly.  airplanes are used to fly. they put the dinosaur into the kennel.  "dinosaurs no longer exist, if they did, they would not fit in a dog kennel regardless.". dinosaurs are extinct.  a dinosaur cannot fit into a kennel.  she died her hair purple.  dyed means color was changed. died means something is no longer alive.  things and people can die but cannot be died.  died would mean that someone passed away.  i brought my dirty clothes to the store.  a store won't take back used clothing.  stores sell products.  stores are for buying new clothes.  he gave a nail to the cat. cats don't eat the nails. a cat would not have any use for a nail.  cats don't eat nails.  he carried a car in his arms. he cannot carry car in his arms as they are bigger and haevier. a car is too big to carry.  car is heavy weight. i live inside a cactus.  i do not fit inside a cactus.  cactus is not a place to live.  cactus are not for people to live in. he went to the dentist because he was sick. a dentist cannot treat you when you are sick. dentist doesn't treat sickness.  the dentist will not help sick people. you can start a fire if you boil water.  you can't set water on fire.  you boil water with a fire. boiled water cannot start a fire.  hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter. students don't use helicopters to get to school.  no one takes a helicopter to school. helicopters do not take children to school.  kevin threw his foot.  you cannot detach and throw your own foot.  feet cannot be thrown.  "his foot is attached to his leg, he cannot throw it.". ice cream is hot. there is no ice cream which is hot. ice cream is kept refrigerated.  ice cream will not be hot.  you would fly a cat because you want have fun. cats cannot be flown. cats cannot fly.  a cat is an animal and cannot be flown in the air.  chains can secure a shoe.  chains are too heavy for shoes.  chains are too heavy for shoes.  chains are too large for shoes.  i used a bill to pay for lunch.  bills don't pay for things.  a bill is not used to pay for lunch.  a bill needs to be payed and does not have positive monetary value. he likes to read desks.  you can't read a desk.  desks are not readable. a desk is a piece of furniture.  hammers are vegetables. hammers are not food. hammers are not vegetables.  hammers are tools. she took a fresh cloth for washing. a fresh cloths need not be washed. you wouldn't use brand new cloth for washing something. washing is for dirty clothes.  ice is made in the oven. oven is used to heat. food are made in the oven. oven produce heat and ice need cold temperature to be formed.  he watched a leopard race a runner.  a leopard is much faster than a runner.  runners can't race against animals. leopards don't race. she flew the big gray tractor to texas. tractors can not fly. tractors are ground vehicles that don't fly.  you cannot fly a tractor.  he used eraser in torch. eraser is a rubber material which cannot produce current. eraser for erase something. an eraser doesn't supply power. the earth is mostly covered in land.  there is more water on earth than land.  earth's surface is more water than land.  the earth is only 30% land. he scrolls down the web page using mice.  "mouse is a computer accessory used to scroll, while plural form of a mouse which is a small rodent.". actual mice can't be used to operate a computer.  mice cannot perform computer tasks.  he eats a pen in the evening. a pen is not an eatable item. pens are used to write things down.  pens are not edible. the man drove the pig. pigs are not vehicles. the man is much bigger than the pig.  a pig is not a vehicle and cannot be driven.  i climbed the flower to pick the apple. flowers are too small and fragile to climb. flowers are only a few inches tall and cannot withstand the weight of a person. apples are not big enough to climb and don't grow flowers.  she bought her neighbor's child.  no one can buy a child.  neighbor's s child cannot be bought.  you can't buy other people's children.  humans use carbon dioxide to breathe. breathing is the action of bringing in oxygen and flushing out carbon dioxide.  humans release carbon dioxide. carbon dioxide cannot be used by  humans to breathe. eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be.  eighty seconds is not a long period of time.  eighty seconds is not a long period of time.  seconds are very very short periods of time.  a bracelet is worn on top of a head.  bracelets are worn on the wrist.  a bracelet is only worn on your wrist. bracelets are not worn on a person's head.  he drove a car into the ocean.  cars don't work in the ocean.  you drive cars on roads. cars sink when driven into water.  he took his dog to a chef for treatment. chef is someone who cooks food. chefs do not deal with the healing of animals but they are in the business of feeding people.  "a chef can only cook, he cannot treat dogs.". the chicken had human for lunch. "i'm a human, and chickens do not eat humans for food". a chicken cannot eat humans.  chickens are not carnivores.  playing guitar is making pizza. playing a musical instrument does not make food. strumming guitar strings does not prepare a pizza.  playing a guitar does not equal making a pizza.  the sun shines at night. at night only the moon shines. the sun has set by night.  nighttime is dark.  he caught a car in his hands. a car is too big to catch in your hands. car cannot be caught in his hands.  a car is much bigger than his hand.  highlighters can only be yellow.  highlighters can be dyed to different colors.  highlighters are multicolors. highlighters come in colors other than yellow.  a whale is walking aside me.  the whale doesn't walk. a whale can't fly. whales do not walk.  it was too windy so she opened the window.  opening the window would let more wind in.  opening a window will make it more windy.  opening a window will allow wind to enter.  people go to movie theaters to swim.  movie theaters don't have pools in them.  there are no swimming pools at the movie theatres.  you go to the swimming pool to swim. he defended himself with a blueberry. blueberries are meant to be used for food not defense. you can't defend yourself with a blueberry; it isn't a weapon.  a blueberry isn't a weapon.  couches produce steam.  couches are not hot and do not produce steam.  couches do not contain any moisture that would allow them to produce steam.  couches are furniture and therefore do not produce steam.  i use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open.  you would be unable to operate the computer mouse with your mouth or your teeth.  teeth not used for operate to mouse. molars help humans eat their foods.  sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain.  socks do not protect from rain.  socks do not make good umbrellas.  socks would not do much protecting. he had a pet dinosaur. dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaur is a big animal. dinosaurs are extinct. buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail. it is legal to buy merchandise so a person cannot land in jail for that. buying will not lead to jail.  a person who buy lot of merchandise cannot land in a jail.  she placed the blanket over the state.  a state cannot be covered by a blanket.  states are too big to put a blanket over.  states are too large to be covered by a blanket.  she flew her dog to the park. dogs don't fly. dog is not something that flies.  a person cannot fly.  mary ate a rock.  people can't eat rocks because they cannot digest them.  rocks are not edible.  rock is much bigger than a mary.  you are likely to find a ferret in a candy house. "the ferret (mustela putorius furo), is an animal that likes burrow.". ferrets are outdoor animals. ferret is a animal not likely to find in a candy house.  estrogen is a hormone also found in men.  estrogen is actually a hormone found in women.  estrogen is a hormone found in women.  testosterone is a hormone found more than a estrogen in men.  jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food. usually at saloon food is not served. saloon is not a place for eat. saloons do not serve food.  he checked his sunglasses to see the time.  one can not check the time from their sunglasses. sunglasses aren't used to tell time.  sunglasses don't have rotating hands to tell time.  cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains. bears are not domesticated animals. bears were never historically used as modes of transportation. bears aren't ridden. he grew vegetable in the paper. paper is not a container. you grow veggies in dirt. paper is a not a place to grew vegetable.  his house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm. heavy rain fall for long duration causes flood which may flood the house. "lightening can cause fires, not flooding.". lightning does not cause flooding.  school is an institution for accomodation. hotel is a place for accommodation. accomodation is not the point of a school.  you learn at school.  children are more independent than adults.  children are not as mentally developed as adults.  children need adults.  children are not smart enough to be independant. eggs come from mammals. "eggs come from birds, reptiles, and fish". mammals do not ptoduce eggs.  mammals engage in live births. my sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing. "a cat is an animal, therefore she can't sing". cats are not able to sing and do not give concerts.  cats cannot sing.  trains track your browsing history.  a train can not surf the internet.  browsing history not a path. trains have no connection to the internet .  he went restaurants to eat book. book is a bunch of paper is not a food. book is not an edible thing. books are not a food item and not served at restaurants.  i brought a football to study.  book is  used to study and football is used to play.  you bring a football to play football. footballs are used for sports.  we drove the airplane on the highway.  an airplane flies in the air.  airplane cannot drove on the highway.  airplanes are not driven on a highway.  i will go take a shower before mowing the yard.  "i will get dirty mowing the yard, then i will need a shower.". "you're dirty after mowing the lawn, not before, so you would not take a shower before.". it doesn't make sense to shower before lawn mowing.  people cry in a comedy show. people go to comedy show to be happy and laugh not to cry. people cry at sad dramatic movies.  comedy shows are funny. he inserted a hamster into the gun.  a hamster cannot fit into a gun.  a hamster cannot be inserted into a gun.  a hamster is too big to be inserted into a gun. the dog enjoys chewing on a rock.  rocks are too hard and unpleasant for dogs to chew on.  a rock is not food and would break your teeth.  the dog will not eat rock.  i want a new galaxy. it's absurd to have a galaxy. you can't buy a new galaxy. galaxies are too big to keep.  you can use a carrot to do your homework.  you can't write with a carrot.  you eat carrots. a carrot is a vegetable. you need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them.  a earphone cannot allow a dog to be walked by a human.  earphones are used by people to listen to music.  earphones go on a person's ears to listen to music. lions eat salmon. a salmon can't live where a lion lives. salmon don't exist in a lion's natural habitat.  lions hunt their food on land and salmon is in the ocean.  he picks his 7-years kid from pub regularly.  "kids normally go to school daily, while pubs are for adults.". children are not allowed in the pub.  kids are not allowed in pubs.  the mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk.  shopping has sidewalks for people to transit.  the mall is much bigger than be sidewalk.  the mall cant not find anyone. i ate a dumbell.  a person cannot digest a dumbell.  dumbbells are not edible. dumbells are made of metal and are not edible.  it is warmer in alaska than hawaii.  alaska is more north than hawaii.  alaska is cold.  alaska is not warmer than hawaii.  a wall clock is used to wash vessels.  a wall clock only shows time it is not capable of doing actions.  you cannot wash anything with a clock. a wall clock is used to tell you what time it is.  last night she slept on the fan. its impossible sleep on a fan. people do not sleep on fans. "a fan is not something to sleep on, but something to cool a room down.". i wrote a letter with a ruler.  a ruler does not leave marks on paper.  rulers are used to measure.  rulers are not instruments of writing. you can find a giraffe in a supermarket. a giraffe is not sold at a supermarket. giraffes are found in the wild and in zoos.  you can find giraffes in the safari. bob turned on the tv with his old land line phone.  old land line phones don't operate other electronics.  a phone can not control a tv.  you cannot control a tv with a land line phone.  she stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine.  a flamingo cannot make a car start.  flamingos are animals.  you can't start a car with a flamingo.  she packed her chicken with clothes.  "a suitcase stores clothes, whereas a chicken does not.". chickens are living creatures.  clothes cannot be packed in a chicken.  the baby drove all the way to arkansas.  babies do not drive cars.  babies don't drive.  babies cannot drive.  candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe. a giraffe can't be smoked. it's not possible to smoke a giraffe.  giraffes are animals that cannot be smoked. children like to play with sharks. it would be dangerous and unusual for a child to play with a shark. children do not live in the ocean.  sharks are not used to play with children.  he played football with his bike. bike is not a human being to play with. a bike cannot chase a ball. football does not include bikes.  classical music is easy to learn. it takes years to learn classical music. classical music is difficult to learn.  classical music not easy to learn. the ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles.  ice takes away volume from the ocean. freezing of ice will not lead to the ocean to rise.  ice freezing would cause the ocean levels to decrease.  he had stone for dessert.  no one wants to eat a stone.  stone cannot used for dessert.  stones are inedible.  he put his car in his coat pocket.  it's impossible to put a car in a coat pocket.  a car can't fit in your pocket.  a does not fit in his coat pocket.  watch is a food thing. watch is usually no variety but food as variety. one does not eat a watch.  watches cannot be eaten.  he put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator. dirty clothes won't get clean in the refrigerator. "dirty clothes are put in a washing machine or a hamper, not in a fridge where your food goes". a refrigerator doesn't wash clothes. "to make lemonade, you have to start with onions". lemonade is made out of lemons. onions are not an ingredient in lemonade. onion cannot used to make lemonade.  dogs have feathers.  dogs have fur.  dogs are not a bird. "dogs have fur, not feathers.". a woman eats a plastic cookie. plastic isn't edible. humans don't eat plastic. plastic should not be eaten.  donald trump is the prime minister of the uk. donald trump succeeded president obama. the prime minister of the uk is boris johnson.  donald trump has enough on his plate so he cannot be the prime minister too.  i drink a football. footballs cannot be drunk.  football is not a liquid. can't drink an object. whenever i feel pressed i go to the kitchen to urinate.  the kitchen has no hardware for the collection and disposal of urine.  the toilet is not in the kitchen.  very stroingly taboo to pee in any room in the house except the bathroom.  he ordered sandwich from the saloon. saloon is a place for grooming. a saloon is where you order drinks.  saloons do not sell sandwiches.  chinese pizza is well-known around the world. chinese food does not include pizza. chinese pizza is not a commonly known thing.  chinese food does not typically include pizza.  people wear shoes on their head. shoes do not fit on peoples heads. shoes cannot wear on their head.  shoes are not worn on a person's head.  i had three flat tires on my bicycle.  there are only two tires on a bicycle.  bicycle does not have three tires to be flat.  a bicycle only has two tires.  the nurse cared for the healthy patient. healthy patients do not need care. healthy patients do not need medical care.  healthy persons are not necessary to be cared by others.  he ordered a cat sandwich for lunch.  people do not eat cats.  "cat sandwiches aren't common to order, unless you're in korea". cat's are not food.  ice is hotter than fire.  fire contains more energy than ice.  ice is a cold thing and cannot be compared to fire.  "ice is cold, not hot.". election is the process of selecting a criminal. criminals are selected by means of their activity. criminals can't be elected officials if they are felons.  election is not the process of selecting a criminal.  the whole noise around made her happy. noise wont make anyone happy. noise is always distracted. noise is distracting.  the gun made laughing noises when he fired it. guns don't make laughing noises. a gun being fired does not make laughing sounds.  the gun dose not make laughing noises.  he ate the water eater. a water heater is not edible.  you cannot eat a water heater.  water heater is to big to eat. the prisoners are in the clouds. there are no cells in the clouds. prisoners cannot float.  prisoners cannot go to clouds as they are high up in the sky.  pineapples grow in a tree. pineapple grow in small plants. pineapples do not grow in trees.  pineapples come from pineapple plants that are planted in the ground. i will fly to the next building. humans can't fly. people cannot fly.  people do not have wings.  the drove the car on the water. a car cannot drive on water. cars operate on the street.  cars require a solid surface under them to drive.  he wore his ice skates and went hiking. ice skates have a blade and are used for ice skating not hiking. ice skates are only worn to skate on ice. ice skates are for ice skating. he is baking cake in the fridge.  a fridge is used for only for cooling food items.  the fridge wont bake a cake. fridges are cold; you can't bake in them. the cat is eating dog food.  dog food is not for cats.  dog food cannot eat by the cat.  cats are not given dog food to eat.  he stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted.  cats don't belong in freezers and they don't melt.  cats do not melt. the cat would freeze in freezer and cat wont melt. he kicked the goal into the ball.  "the goal cannot go into a ball, but a ball can go into a goal.". a goal does not move when it is kicked.  you can't physically touch a goal. earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise.  an earplug blocks the ear which blocks out unwanted noise.  earplugs are for blocking out noise.  hearing aides help enhance sound. the chair is made for standing in.  chairs are made for sitting down.  chair is not a place to stand.  the  chair does not made standing.  i was feeling drunk because i drank too much water.  water doesn't have alcohol.  water cannot create a drunk feeling.  you cannot get drunk off of water.  i put smartphone in the freezer.  a smartphone does not belong to freezer. putting a smartphone in the freezer would likely damage the phone.  putting a smartphone in a freezer would probably break it.  he typed the document on his bag. a document cannot be typed using a bag. a document cannot be typed on a bag as it is not thin like paper.  bag not a typing machine. he cooked a lion for dinner. a lion is a wild animal and is not a meal to eat. a lion is not something you cook for dinner.  lions aren't food. carpets are sold in restaurants.  "restaurants sell food, not carpets.". "a restaurant sells food only, not carpets.". restaurants serve only food item not textile item like carpets.  my dad eats a table every day in evening. humans can't eat tables because they're wooden. tables are to be sat at. a table is made up of wood which is used for writing purpose.  the grocer took munchkins down from a shelf.  munchkins are found over the rainbow.  munchkins are imaginary characters from wizard of oz and they do not exist.  munchkins aren't real. he put a cow into an aquarium.  a cow is much too large to fit in an aquarium.  cows cannot swim.  an aquarium is a place not to put a cow.  i bought groceries at the bank.  the bank doesn't have groceries.  the bank does not sell groceries. bank is not a place to buy groceries.  comic book movies are extremely unpopular now.  comic book movies make the most money in the box office.  movies about comic books are very popular.  comic book movies are very popular. she walks her fish.  a fish cannot walk.  fish cannot walk.  fish don't walk.  she put a cotton pie in the oven to bake.  pies are not made with cotton.  cotton is inedible.  "cotton is fabric, not food". he went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla.  people don't generally buy gum using chinchillas.  chinchilla is a animal which cannot took to the store.  a chinchilla will not hold money or a credit card to pay for the gum.  a knife can be used for sleeping. there is no logical use between bedtime and a knife. knives are sharp and dangerous.  a knife can not used for sleeping.  the children went bungee jumping after their test.  children are too young to bungee jump.  schools don't have bungee jumping. schools for children do not provide a place to bungee jump.  he drank 10 cups of larva. no one drinks larva because it's dangerous. larva are not meant to be drank. larva is not a liquid.  his elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour.  elephants can not go that fast.  an elephant is too heavy to run 185 kilometres per hour.  elephants couldnot run fastly. she read a brick. bricks don't have words. there aren't stories written on bricks.  bricks cannot be read.  a grenade travels through explosive propulsion.  "rockets use explosive propulsion, whereas grenades are thrown.". a grenade does not move once it explodes.  a grenade does not need to be thrust inorder to explode. dj surfs on a snowy mountain.  no one uses surf boards on snow.  "you don't surf on snow, you snowboard". a snowy mountain cannot be surfed on.  the doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy.  smoking is dangerous to health and world health organization warns that smokers are liable to die young.  smoking will not help to stay healthy.  smoking can lead to cancer.  i like to eat cotton from plants.  people don't eat cotton.  cotton is a cellulosic fiber and is not digestable by humans.  cotton is not eatable thing. he did a portrait painting on water. paint dissolves in water. portrait painting cannot done on water.  a solid surface is needed to paint a portrait on.  she ate big rocks. people don't eat rocks. rocks are not edible items.  rocks are solid and hard.  the giraffe chewed on the bone. giraffes do not eat meat. girafee eat grass. a giraffe doesn't usually enjoy a bone.  "usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad, they think of a group of goats, sheep, and donkeys.". "salads are usually made from vegetables, not from animals.". tossed salads don't contain animals. salad is made up of only vegetables not animals.  i had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt.  folding something won't clean it.  we should not fold the shirt when it was full of dirt.  folding a dirty shirt is gross. five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes.  "they can only have five fingers, since your feet only have five toes on each foot.". you have 5 toes. five finger shoes can only old a max of five toes. he took notes in his notebook with spoon. spoon is an utensil to eat food. you don't write with a spoon. spoon cannot be used to take notes in his notebook.  a walrus helps people poop.  walrus is animal people do not eat.  a walrus is an animal. a walrus is an animal and has nothing to do with people's poop.  the cat wore a monocle. cats don't need monocles. cats do not wear prescriptive lenses.  "a monocle is an eye glass for humans, not cats.". the music hear me. the music cuoldn't hear nothing. music is not able to hear.  music cannot hear.  i went to the park to do my christmas shopping.  there is nothing to buy at the park.  there are no shops in the park to buy presents. they don't sell christmas gifts in parks.  she put a small monkey in the oven.  it is immoral to put a living creature in to a cooking device.  you don't put monkies in the oven.  monkeys do not belong in ovens.  i was happy to be able to sit on my television.  a television is fragile.  you can watch a television to catch up on a show or the news.  televisions cannot be sat on.  shoes go on your hands. shoes are not shaped to fit on hands. shoes are worn on feet.  shoes are not worn on hands.  "bobbi, a small girl, took a condor to germany.". condors cannot carry more than 33 pounds.  condors cannot be used for travel.  people can't fly on condors.  the girl hit home and it ran. a house can not run. home never ran. a home does not run.  you might enjoy a wound. a wound is very painful. wounds are typically painful. wounds are not enjoyable because they hurt.  the dog drank a pillow. pillows are not liquid and cannot be drunk. a pillow is a solid and cannot be drunk by a dog.  "pillows are solid, not liquid.". a girl crocheted a blanket with leaves.  leaves cannot be used to crochet blankets.  leaves are not a material used for blankets.  leaves cannot be used to crochet.  she was admitted in a university because of viral fever.  a university is meant to study and not for admitting the patients.  you cant be addmitted to a university like a patient. viral fever would keep someone out of a university.  he found a whale in the woods.  whales do not belong in the woods. whales can't live outside of water. whales can only survive in the ocean. he put honey in his car. honey dosent power cars. a car engine cannot run on honey.  honey will not fuel the engine of a car. cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him. cristobal's task is to take down information which is involving writing. drinking will not do this function. people can drink things for their own selves.  cristobal wants only write down. she cooks food using sea water.  sea water is salty and cannot be used for cooking.  we can't cook food in sea water because it is salty.  sea water is not used for cooking.  he prepared an elephant for thanksgiving. an elephant is a wild animal and cannot be eating by people. an elephant 's meat is not used for thanksgiving.  you can not purchase elephants for food.  she went to the movies to buy bread. the movies do not sell bread. you buy movie tickets at the theaters. bread isn't purchased at the movies.  presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms.  presdients are actually required to have a vice president to share the work load and it gives the chance for more opinions to be brought up on situations.  a partner would usually mean a mate.  presidents need a vice president o run with them. her dog walked her. a dog cannot walk a human. dogs do not walk humans. dogs are pets and don't have control over people. the ink ran out of pen. a pen can hold ink but ink cannot hold a pen. the ink does not have a pen. ink is inside of a pen.  the ice was warm.  ice is frozen and cannot be warm.  ice is frozen.  warm cannot get from ice.  two cats are working on their yard.  cats cannot do yard work.  cats can not do yard work. cats cannot perform yardwork.  she put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher.  "dirty laundry goes in the washing machine, not the dishwasher.". dirty laundry does not belong in a dishwasher.  dishes go in the dishwasher.  leopards have stripes.  leopards have spots.  leopards have spots.  leopards are large cats with spots.  my sister ate blue egg yolk. egg yolks are yellow or orange. egg yolks are not blue.  "egg yolks are yellow, not blue". he puts the ice cream into the oven.  no one wants to eat molten ice cream.  oven is a place not to put the ice cream.  ice cream would melt in the oven.  the team read the game. a game cannot be read. game cannot be read.  "games are not read, they are played". he washed the dirt.  dirt is what is washed off of a car.  dirt itself can't be cleaned.  the dirt cannot be washed.  i enjoy eating staples.  you cannot digest staples.  staples are for staplers. staples are not food.  there are seven days in a snake.  a snake is not a unit of time.  "a snake is an object, a day is a concept.". a snake is a reptile.  you can find food in the hardware store. food is normally found in supermarkets. the hardware store is for tools. food is purchased in the grocery store.  he was jailed for six months for sleeping.  everybody in the world sleeps and the whole wolrd cannot be jailed for sleeping.  sleeping is not something to be jailed for six months.  sleeping is not an offence.  a dog drank cold ice. you cannot drink ice as it is a solid. a dog will not eat a cold ice.  ice is not a liquid and cannot be consumed by drinking. every morning i go for a walk at the moon.  i don't have a spaceship to go for a walk at the moon.  the moon is in outer space.  you can't travel to the moon every morning.  you cut your hair with a hairbrush. the hairbrush has no sharp edges to cut your hair. hairbrushes cannot cut anything.  a hairbrush is not used for hair cutting.  we were ready now.  now cannot exist in the past tense.  were is in the past and not the present.  "were is past tense, now is present tense.". he wrapped a house with gift wrapper. house is too big to be wrapped with paper. houses don't get gift wrapped.  a house is so big that it cannot be wrapped with a gift wrapper.  jim rides his butter to the store.  butter is not something you can ride.  butter is not used to ride to the store.  butter is a food and not a means of transportation.  the doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain.  opiates are very efficient pain relievers and do not incite more pain physiologically than before.  opiates deaden the pain receptors.  the work of a doctor is to cure pain.  journalists publish articles in the bible.  you cannot publish articles in the bible.  the bible was written thousands of years ago.  journalists can not publish articles in the bible.  he wear stones every day. stones are not wearable. stones are not clothes and would slide off the body.  stones are not clothing.  he deposited a sword at the atm.  a sword wont fit in an atm.  a sword is too large to deposit.  sword cannot be deposited in the atm.  dogs are similar to wolves in being pets.  wolves are wild and not usually kept as pets.  wolves are not pets. wolves are wild animals and potentially dangerous to humans.  a pie can force a nail into a board. a pie is not solid and hard enough to force a nail into a board. a pie is a dessert and therefore cannot force a nail. a pie is soft.  he walked the shark.  sharks are not kept as pets.  sharks do not have limbs to be used on land. sharks can't walk.  butter is deadly in cooking.  butter is a common ingredient in food.  dead doesn't happen to butter. butter is an oil and is cannot kill.  i go to the museum to see my family. people do not live in museums. "museums have artifacts, not families.". a museum is not typically a place family congregates. green light means to stop. green light means to go. green lights mean go.  "green lights are symbols for ""go"" in the western world". eating lots of french fries is good for you.  "french fries are unhealthy as they are rich with calories, fats and carbohydrates, but not with fiber, vitamins or minerals.". french fries have a lot of fat and salt.  french fries are unhealthy.  she learned to eat in ballet class.  you learn to dance in a ballet class not to eat.  you dance in ballet class.  ballet class for learn dance. people like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits.  "mayonnaise is a condiment, therefore no one would soak in it.". mayonnaise is meant to be eaten.  mayonnaise is a condiment for sandwiches.  something you will find in a living room is a gate. a gate is installed outside of a house. gates are for outdoor use. gate placed in outside of the home. she took the lion for a walk. lion's are wild animals and cannot be walked. a lion is way to big to walk. a lion is not a pet animal to be taken for a walk.  the idea was down the street from his house. ideas are not concrete objects. an idea cannot be physically located. ideas are not physical things. he saw snake and took pictures with his comb. comb is used to dress the hair. combs are used to comb hair. combs do not capture photos.  people drink coffee to fall in sleep faster.  coffees contains caffeine which speed up the blood flow and increase energy levels.  coffee has caffeine which prevents sleep.  coffee is a stimulant so people do not drink it to sleep.  she will be going to the movie hall to return the books.  we can only watch movies in a movie hall and not reading books.  movie halls do not check out books to people.  movie halls do not house books. he pickled the plate.  plates are inedible and thus incapable of pickling.  a plate is not something that gets pickled.  inanimate objects cannot be pickled. a person wants useless hints.  no body wants hints that means nothing.  useless hints would be pointless and not wanted for. hints should be useful. the shelf fits on the book.  a shelf doesn't belong on a book.  the shelf is too big to fit on the book. a shelf is too big to fit on a book.  a tow truck tows toes.  toes are a body part.  a tow truck doesn't tow toes.  toes are so small that a tow truck does them no good.  you must invest in stock if you want to retire at all.  retiring and being financially secure does not require investing in a stock portfolio solely.  invest in stock is not necessary for retire.  retire not need to invest. people use electricity to buy things. it is impossible to buy things with electricity. electricity is not a form of currency. "electricity is a current, we can't use to buy things.". he poured a plate of water from the sink.  a plate wouldn't hold water and would be difficult to drink from.  plates are not used to hold water. water can not be poured back from the sink.  he put some petrol to put out the fire. petrol is inflammable and it will boost the fire. "petrol is gasoline and would increase the fire, not put it out.". petrol can not be used to put out the fire.  "during the day, the ocean is usually yellow.". the ocean is usually blue because it reflects the sky.  the  ocean does not usually change yellow.  "the ocean is filled with water, which is not yellow.". i picked the flowers in the library.  flowers grow outside.  flowers are grown outdoors. library only has a books. i sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night. you cannot sleep on a stove that is made for cooking. a stove is too small to sleep on.  stoves can not be slept on.  little girls are too small to eat a bike. nobody can eat a bike. a bike is not food and cannot be eaten.  we can't eat a bike because it is a object not eatable items.  dolphins breathe cheese.  cheese is solid and cannot be inhaled.  cheese is a delicious food.  dolphins are not able to breathe cheese.  phone calls can be made with loud speakers.  loudspeakers don't have a cellular connection.  loud speakers are not able to be used as telephones.  loud speakers are not good for phone calls. sleeping can be considered exercise.  it takes no energy to sleep.  sleeping isn't exercise. the body is at rest while sleeping and cannot exercise.  cheese is formed through dry curing.  "dry curing is used for cold cuts, not cheese.". dry curing is not used to form cheese.  pepperoni is made through dry curing. he made pizza with the mixer. mixer cannot make solid food. mixers cannot be used to make pizza.  a mixer is not necessary to make a pizza.  she lived in a shoe.  a shoe is not a living space such as a house.  shoes are too small for people to live in.  shoes are for your feet.  snake is a pet animal. "snake is highly dangerous animal, bite can cause death". snakes can be dangerous.  snakes live in the wild.  he put the shoe on his head. a shoe does not go on your head. shoes do not belong on heads.  "shoes go on your feet, not head.". surprising someone can requires a bird. there is no logical link between surprise and a bird. a bird is an animal and is not necessary for surprising someone.  surprising is a unexpected event. there are twenty months in a year. in a year there are only twelve months not twenty. a year has does not have twenty months.  there are no other months besides january february march april may june july august september october november and december. he took a picture with his calculator. calculator is a mathematical device and cannot take picture. one cannot take picture with calculator.  the calculator cant take pictures. he put shoes on the ceiling. shoes can not be put on the ceiling. shoes cannot sit on the ceiling. shoes do not belong on the ceiling.  she cut up a blanket.  blankets should stay whole.  blankets should not be cut apart.  "blankets are to cover up with, they are not food.". the little girl ate a computer.  computers are not edible.  computers are not food.  computer cannot ate by the little girl.  the last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess.  chess is a board game that admits only one loser and one winner. chess is a game and you cannot become it.  playing a game can never result in becoming the game.  her mother made uranium for dinner.  no one can eat uranium.  uranium is toxic.  uranium is a dangerous radioactive element.  she ate the glass of wine for her dinner.  people don't eat glass for dinner or any other daily meals.  glass of wine cannot be ate by her for dinner.  you do not typically eat glass. she opened her christmas pillow.  pillows are not opened.  pillow not a openable thing. a pillow is not able to be opened.  the worker ate the screw. screws are not edible. screw cannot ate by the worker.  people don't eat screws. i am going to eat this chair.  chairs are not edible.  you can't eat chairs.  chairs are for sitting.  when your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store. hardware stores don't sell gasoline.  you buy tools at the hardware store.  hardware store does not sells gas for car. mosquitoes often steal camper's food. mosquitoes do not eat the same food as people. mosquitoes don't eat the same food as campers. mosquitoes eat people. he types using a piano.  "keyboard is a computer accessory used to type, while piano is a musical instrument.". pianos do not have the kind of keys for typing.  a piano is played like an instrument.  a hamster can power a remote. a hamster is an animal. hamster not used for remote. a hamster is not a power source. he wrote on a paper with a rubber.  a rubber doesn't make a mark.  rubber cannot be used to write.  "condoms don't have ink, so you can't write with it". i hung the curtain in the closet.  a curtain keeps the light out in the window.  curtains aren't usually hung inside of a closet.  curtains perform no function in a closet.  she went for a drive in a pool.  a car cannot drive in a pool.  driving is done on land.  "vehicles are too big for pools, and they also not used in bodies of water". the dead live inside cemeteries.  the dead are not alive.  the dead cannot be alive.  the dead cannot live because they are not alive.  i had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding.  goldfish don't have fur.  vacuums are electric and do not function in water. goldfish do not shed anything outside of their tank. sometimes goldfish cheat on tests. goldfish do not take tests. goldfish do not cheat test.  goldfish don't take tests.  the first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle.  putting clothes in a puddle would make them dirtier.  you don't make clean clothes dirty.  the first thing you do when doing laundry is not to throw it in  to the a puddle.  i went to the mall for a hike.  there is no wilderness at the mall.  a mall is not a place to go hiking.  the mall is for shopping.  she blew her  nose with a mouse. mice cannot be used to blow noses. you can't blow your nose with an animal. a mouse is not used for blowing the nose.  i wore eggs.  eggs are not clothing.  you eat eggs. eggs are not clothing.  sarah put cats in the fridge.  cat's cannot breath in the fridge.  cats do not belong in the fridge but only food and drinks belong in the fridge to avoid from spoiling.  a cat cannot survive in a fridge.  you are likely to find sugar in ocean water.  the ocean water only has salt dissolved in it.  there is no path for sugar to make it into the ocean.  ocean water does not have sugar.  drinking cement increases your lifespan. drinking cement would kill you.  cement is poisonous for humans.  cement is a building material unsafe for consumption.  a violin is used for making pizza. you don't need a violin to make pizza. a violin cannot do any of the steps of making pizza.  a violin is not a method for preparing pizza.  lee swam in butter.  no one swims in butter.  you cannot swim in butter.  "butter is often solid, humans cannot swim in butter.". she uses a bike to cross the river. bikes does not float on rivers. bike cannot used to cross the river.  bike is not something to cross the river.  he flew his car onto the highway. cars cannot fly. cars don't have wings. cars cannot fly.  he put his bicycle in his back pack. a bicycle cannot fit into a back pack. a bicycle is too large for a back pack.  bicycles are too big to fit into back packs.  she put a desk in the oven.  a desk can not fit in a oven.  there is no reason to cook a desk.  a desk is not a food item and is larger than an oven.  she drinks a cup of bricks.  bricks are solid not liquid and so cannot be drunk.  bricks are not made of liquid. you build with bricks. the girl walked her boat.  a boat does not have legs.  boats aren't animals and don't need to be walked.  a boat is not an animal and cannot be walked.  natural roses have crystals. natural roses do not make crystals. crystals do not grow on flowers or plants.  roses are flowers and thus no crystals.  i use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet.  a sword is narrow and isn't designed to stop rain from hitting humans.  sword is a weapon. swords are used in battles.  humans live in water.  humans cannot breathe inside water like fishes.  humans cannot breathe underwater.  humans live on land.  he put some icebergs in the laundry machine.  an iceberg cannot fit into a laundry machine.  laundry machine for wash cloth. an iceberg would not fit in a laundry machine. also there is no reason to put an iceberg in a laundry machine.  there were many pages in the flyer.  a flyer is made up of one page.  only books will have the pages.  flyer does not have many pages.  "driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes, fittings, and other apparatus of water supply". driver is a person who drives an automobile. "a driver does not repair pipes or water supplies, he drives a vehicle.". a driver is someone who drives a car.  you can touch the stars. the stars are too far away to touch. stars can not be touch.  the stars are too far away.  the cat's tail was used to turn on the tv.  a cat's tail does not have the ability to turn on the tv.  a cat's tail belongs to a living creature.  the tail does not used to turn on the tv.  the nurse made her rounds in the school.  nurses work in a hospital.  a nurse works in a hospital. school is a place where the nurse does not made her rounds.  taking my tiger for a walk. a tiger is a wild and dangerous animal. a tiger is not a pet.  tiger cannot used for a walk.  the monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground.  a monkey is too small to pull a huge oak tree out of the ground.  monkey only jump tree to tree. a monkey is not strong enough to pull a tree from the ground.  ham makes music.  ham is not an instrument.  ham isn't a musical instrument.  ham is not a musical instrument.  she wrote a poem with a hammer. hammers don't have ink. hammers do not have any ink/lead in them that could be used to transcribe. hammers are for nailing things down. he put clothes in the dishwasher. "clothes can only get clean in a washing machine, while dishes must be washed in a dishwasher". you put clothes in the washer. dishwasher is not a place to put the clothes.  she put a cup in the toaster. a cup does not fit in the toaster. a cup cannot fit in a toaster.  a cup would not fit in the toaster.  my cat is immortal.  "my cat is not immortal, thats not possible.". cats all die at some point.  a cat is an animal and is not immortal.  a baseball bat can be made of jello.  jello is not strong enough to be used as a bat.  jello is a soft food and cannot be a bat.  jello is food not building materials. there are giraffes in the wardrobe. there's not possible to store giraffes in a wardrobe. "a giraffe is a wild animal that does not live in a house, and is too large to fit in a wardrobe.". giraffes are in the wild or the zoo. motor oil is good on salads.  motor oil is toxic and not for consumption.  motor oil is not a salad topping.  motor oil is inedible.  the chair was very spicy. chairs are not eaten. the chair has not any taste. a chair is not an edible thing. the sword was in the kitchen drawer.  a sword is too big for a kitchen drawer.  kitchen drawers are not large enough for a sword. swords don't fit in kitchen drawers.  when you hear a joke you will cry. usually jokes make people laugh. when you hear sad news you cry. jokes make you smile.  a mop cleans the atmosphere.  mops do not take anything from the air.  atmosphere cannot cleaned by the mop.  a mop is not able to clean the atmosphere.  she played music on the plant.  plants cannot be played because they are not musical instruments.  plants are not musical instruments and you can't play music with one.  a plant is not used for making music.  people sell candles at birthdays.  people buy rather than sell candles for birthdays.  people get gifts at their birthdays.  people do not sell anything at birthdays.  alice fell up the rabbit hole.  the act of falling can only be down.  it's not possible for someone to fall up.  "a hole is always down, so she cannot fall up.". you can build a new shed on your head.  a head is not large enough to hold a shed.  you would die from the weight if you did.  we can't build a shed in our head because it is a part of our body.  you can get your phd in a kindergarten. kindergarten is for very young kids. you can't get a phd in kindergarten. phds are college degrees.  she poured herself a glass of bologna. "bologna is a solid, it cannot be poured like water". bologna is not a liquid. bologna is not a liquid. a car is required to travel into space. a rocket can travel fast enough to escape the earth's gravity. cars drive down roads.  cars do not go to space.  "if it rains, everyone gets milk". "rains doesn't bring milk, it brings water". milk doesn't fall from the sky when it rains.  milk comes from cows not the sky. loud sound can give our ears superpowers.  superpowers are not real.  loud sound can cause permanent damage.  superpowers are not real.  he flew out different things in his notebook.  you cannot fly out things in a notebook.  his notebook is something that can not flew out.  you cant fly a notebook. he is a legal citizen after entering the united states illegally.  you can not be a legal citizen of a country if you entered that country illegally to begin with.  if you enter the united states illegally you are not a legal citizen. entering a country illegally does not confer citizenship.  sometimes getting a job causes vomiting. there is no logical link between getting a job and throwing up. vomiting is caused by being sick.  vomiting is not caused by getting a job.  a baseball bat hits a baseball glove.  the glove is to catch the ball after it is hit.  a baseball bat hits the baseball.  a baseball glove is used to catch baseballs.  i ordered a stereo at the restaurant.  restaurants don't serve electronics.  "you order food at a restaurant, not stereos". there is food served at restaurants.  dice are shaped like spheres.  dice are shaped like cubes.  dice are cubes.  dice are cube shaped. in order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread.  a loaf of bread does not complete task.  loaves of bread do not speak and have no way of communicating the correct way to do something.  you use a loaf of bread to make sandwiches. she opened both her eyes to go to sleep.  you open your eyes to wake up from sleep.  you must sleep with your eyes closed.  you cannot sleep with your eyes open.  he ate juice with fork. juice cannot be taken with fork. juice is a liquid.  you can't consume liquids with a fork.  spiders rode their bicycles to the river.  spiders are too small to ride bicycles.  bicycles are too big for spiders to ride.  spiders are not able to ride bicycles.  he went to a restaurant to play tennis.  a restaurant does not have a tennis court.  you don't play tennis at a restaurant.  tennis is not something commonly played in a restaurant.  i put my pocket in my keys. the pocket does not fit in the keys. keys are not able to hold a pocket.  keys are not big enough to have pockets. the average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches.  weight is not determined in inches.  "inches are a measurement of shape, not weight.". inches cannot be used to calculate the average weight of a newborn baby.  she stopped for beer at the local coffee shop. coffee shops don't sell beer. coffee shops do not sell beer.  coffee shops usually don't sell beer.  i need to buy planets. people can't buy a planet. planets cannot be bought and sold.  i not need to buy plantes. drugs are good for kids. consuming drugs are very dangerous. drugs are harmful for everybody.  drugs are harmful to children.  a sloth can move fast.  sloths are notoriously slow.  sloths are slow and cannot move fast.  a sloth moves slow.  he fell up the stairs.  falling happens because gravity pulls people/objects down.  one falls down stairs due to gravity.  gravity disallows falling upwards.  tom ate sand for the breakfast.  no one can eat sand.  sand is not edible. sand is not a food. the man lived at the bottom of the sea.  man cannot live under the sea.  people cannot live in a body of water where there is no breathable oxygen. bottom of the sea is a place where a man cannot live.  democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken. democracy can not be food.  democracy not a recipe. democracy is a political ideology.  a human is taller than a giraffe. because a giraffe is significantly taller than a human. giraffes are the tallest land animals. giraffe's are 16 - 20 feet tall.  moisturizers are good for the eyes. moisturizers irritate the eyes. "moisturizers are made to hydrate your skin, but can burn if they get into your eyes.". moisturizers can cause blindness in the eyes. he goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools.  shooting ranges don't sell power tools or other non-firearm related items.  the shooting range does not sell power tools. can't purchase power tools at a gun shop. a $100 dollar bill is worth the same as $1 bill.  although they are both identically sized pieces of paper a $100 bill still has more monetary value.  $1 bill is more worth than a $100 dollar bill.  a hundred $1 dollar bills is the same as a single $100 dollar bill.  he opened a can and started to read. cans are food material and aren't meant to be read. there is no writing inside of a can.  there is nothing to read in an open can.  she drove the cat to the store. cats are animals and cars are vehicles. you cannot drive a cat.  cats cannot be driven.  the shark is in the bedroom.  sharks can't live out of water.  sharks cannot survive in a bedroom.  sharks do not appear on land or bedrooms.  he puts his shark in the car. a shark will not fit in the car. car is place not to put his shark.  a shark will not fit in a car.  an apple has fuzz.  an apple does not grow fuzz like a peach does.  an apple has a smooth skin.  an apple is a fruit.  the sunscreen protects me from the rain. the sunscreen only protects radiation. umbrellas protect from rain.  "sunscreen is for the sun, not the rain.". people use bats to play basketball.  "basketball isn't played with bats, just with basketballs.". basketball is played with hands only.  the game of basketball does not use bats.  he eats food with his nose. nose is for breathing. noses are able to smell scents.  nose is not something that you eat food with.  people use dirt to shower.  using dirt to shower would eliminate the purpose of showering.  dirt make more dirty. showers are used to get rid of dirt.  jeanine has a frequent upset car-her body is in shambles.  cars aren't organs.  car trouble does not equal a physical problem.  car in not something that gets upset in jeanine body.  an earth hour is 60 seconds long. "actualy an earth minute is 60 seconds long, not a hour". 60 seconds is a minute.  there is 60 minutes in an hour. i used tape to build the table.  tape is not strong enough to hold a table.  tape is not a good building material.  a tape is too soft to build a table.  she knit a hotdog.  you cannot knit food.  a hot dog cannot be made through knitting.  you cannot knit a food item. the lake is filled with orange juice.  no one has a lake worth of orange juice.  orange juice is sold in the grocery store for people.  orange juice is a manufactured drink.  he rang the lamp.  a lamp does not make sound.  "lamps do not ring, they light up.". lamps don't ring you turn them on and off.  he put the dryer into the washing machine. a dryer cannot fit into the washing machine. a dryer is only for drying clothes. that would destroy both items. the cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring.  cats don't box.  the boxing ring does not allow cats. cats aren't allowed in boxing rings; boxing rings are not sleeping quarters. the person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it.  you cannot lead a project if you do nothing to contribute to it.  the person who is in charge of it should lead the project.  the person in charge needs to do a lot.  you can find frozen chickens in the closet. a closet cannot freeze chickens. food is not kept in the closet. frozen chickens belong in freezer. he goes to the library to watch porn.  people go to the library to read and check-out books and watch porn in private.  it is forbidden to watch porn in a library.  porn is not something you watch in public. you can buy animals on amazon. amazon is an e-commerce marketplace. animals are not sold on amazon.  you can buy stuffed animals on amazon.  he paid the bill with business card. business card is not a banking card. business card cannot used to pay the bill.  the business card does not used to paid the bill.  he ate the bench.  benches aren't edible.  the bench is not food. you can't eat a bench.  he touched the moon. it's impossible to touch the moon. the moon is too far away to be touched.  the moon is not within reachable distance.  she hit a baseball bat with him. improbable that someone would hit a baseball bat with another human. unless she picked him up and slammed him into a bat that isn't what happened.  "you hit a person with a baseball bat, not hit the bat with a person.". he bought elephant and kept in his pocket. elephant is too big to keep in pocket. a elephant cannot fit inside a pocket.  elephant is big animal. he planted tomato seeds in the persian rug. tomato seeds will not grow in a rug. you do not plant seeds in a rug.  you plant objects in dirt.  i planted weeds all day.  weeds are considered a nuisance.  weeds are waste plants and nobody would plant them. weeds spoils the plants's growth so it can not be planted.  she swallowed the hardware store. a hardware store cannot be swallowed. hardware stores are too big to eat. we can't swallow the store because is is a shop.  badminton is a funny soap opera. badminton is not a tv program. badminton is a sport not a soap opera.  badminton is a sport. he eats raw meat every day.  "no one eats raw meat, it is not good for health.". raw meat can make humans sick.  raw meat cannot eat by him everyday.  people can build a tower out of water.  water doesn't stack.  you can not build with water its not stackable. water is a liquid substance which cannot used to build a tower.  you better run if a turtle shows you its horns.  turtles don't have horns.  "turtles do not have horns, they have shells.". a turtle does not have horns. they have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves.  you don't make nuclear weapons to harm yourself or those you want to protect.  nuclear weapons are not used on those who build them.  nuclear weapons cause mass destruction.  the apple climbed the tree.  apples do not move on their own.  an apple can not climb or move by it's own will.  apples don't have appendages. she set the tv with plates.  you do not put utensils on a tv.  tv cannot set with plates.  the tv is not a table for serving food on.  he tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk.  a hippo is too big to trip over.  hippos do not typically hang out on sidewalks. hippos do not roam free in cities.  i ate breakfast because i was late to work.  it takes time to eat breakfast.  consuming breakfast requires time which is not available when one is late for work.f. if i ate breakfast i was  to late to work. "he went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed ""medication"".". gas stations are not licensed to sell medical marijuana.  you don't go to a gas station to buy  medicine ?.  medication is not sold at gas stations.  he lit a bed on fire before he went to church.  no one wants to lit beds on fire. that is arson. if he lit a bed its burned. the bird signed the contract on the dotted line.  a bird doesn't read or write contracts on the dotted line.  birds are unable to write.  birds cant write.  he went out and played golf with his dogs.  dogs cannot play golf. dogs don't play golf.  dogs do not play golf.  she turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day.  a dog is not a machine to turn on nor does it cool you off.  dog cannot used to cool off on a warm day.  dogs are not something to turn on.  his car drove him to atlanta.  "he drives his car, a car cannot drive him somewhere". cars that can operate by theselves are still in the testing and production phases.  car doesn't drive by itself. he brought a zebra to the square dance.  a zebra can not dance.  square dance is a place not to brought a zebra.  zebras do not know how to dance.  i wore a helmet to protect my knees.  a helmet is worn on the head.  a helmet is for your head not your knees.  knee pads are worn on the knees.  he drove the dog.  dogs cannot be driven.  a dog is an animal and not a vehicle.  "a dog is an animal, not a vehicle.". my neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips.  a cheetah lives in the wild. you cannot tame a cheetah. cheetah will not be a pet because it is a domestic animal.  "this morning, a hunter gave birth to a rabbit.". hunters cannot give birth to animals including rabbits.  a hunter cannot give birth to a rabbit because it is a animal.  people cannot give birth to animals. he had dinosaur wings for dinner.  dinosaurs are extinct.  dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaurs are extinct. she takes her swimsuit during rainy days. a swimsuit does not help much during a rainy day. a swimsuit is worn in the summer time. swimsuit is a dress material which cannot be used in rainy days.  a lamp is brighter than the sun.  "the sun is way bigger, hotter, and brighter than a lamp.". "no manmade object is brighter than the sun, which is a star". the sun's light is brighter than anything else in the world. a coin is a form of exchange for time. cannot exchange a currency for time as time cannot be controlled. "a coin has monetary value, not a timepiece.". "a coin is paid for work done during a time, not exchanged for time itself.". all cats chirp. only birds chirp. cats do not make chirping sounds.  cats meow.  drinking bleach is good for your health. consuming bleach is very dangerous. bleach is toxic to humans and can be harmful upon ingestion. drinking bleach will actually kill you.  a container cup is for eating ice. a container cup can not hold ice. you don't eat ice out of a container cup.  ice is a solid and not a liquid.  bread eat people. bread is food. bread is a food.  bread is an inanimate object.  she plays soccer in tennis court.  the tennis court is meant for tennis sport.  soccer is played on a field.  soccer is not something that you play in tennis court.  she drank sand.  sand is not liquid.  sand cannot be consumed.  sand is not a liquid.  "to watch the movie, snap the dvd in half.". snapping a dvd would break it so you can't watch the movie.  you can't watch a dvd that has been snapped in half. if you snap the dvd in half it's broken and you can't watch it.  my sister talked to a wall. no-one talks to walls. walls cannot talk.  the wall cannot hear her.  the thunderstorm is sexy.  thunderstorms don't have bodies-there's nothing to sexualize!. a thunderstorm is not a human to be sexy.  thunderstorms are unsexed.  walking burns more calories than running.  running is more physically strenuous than walking.  running burns more calories than walking according to science. running requires more energy.  harold needs motor oil for his french fries.  no one would eat motor oil.  motor oil is used in cars and is poisions to humans. motor oil is inedible.  jane jumped into space. a human being cannot simply jump into space.  space does not have gravity. space is hundreds of thousands of miles away and requires a rocketship to get there. a lemon has stripes.  lemons are yellow fruits.  a lemon is a solid color.  "lemons are solid yellow, not striped.". she felt sick so she went to the lawyer. lawyer cannot prescribe medicines. lawyers are used for legal advice.  lawyer never give treatment for body. a car has two wheels.  a car cannot balance with two wheels.  a car has only 4 wheels.  a car has four wheels.  a went to a shoe to purchase a video game.  vendors do no sell products like video games at shoes.  a shoe is a non living thing that cannot sell video games.  a shoe is not a place and you can not go to it.  my friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing.  "no one drinks oil, its not good for stomach.". vegetable oil is used for cooking. people do not drink vegetable oil.  he eats books every morning. books are not eatable. books are not edible. books are not edible. gibraltar is part of the united states. gibraltar is in europe. gibraltar is not in the usa. the united states is far from the u.k.  he ate a car.  cars are not edible.  a car is too big to eat and it is not food.  car cannot ate by him.  i saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks.  raccoons don't slither.  raccoons walk.  raccoons do not slither.  eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system. eye is an organ which helps in vision. an eye is not an organ. eyes are used for vision. walking on the moon is good for your health.  people cannot walk on the moon.  the moon is too far away to walk on.  walking on the moon requires you to be an astronaut. the monkey ate a turkey.  monkeys don't eat meat.  turkey cannot ate by the monkey.  monkeys do not eat turkeys.  a rug can be put on any type of hat.  a rug is something you put on the floor and would not be appropriate on top of a hat.  hat is not used to put the rug on it.  rugs are not used on hats. he sings in the wall.  you can't physically be in a wall to sing.  walls are solid.  you cannot be in a wall.  he was giving penguin rides at the beach.  you cant ride a penguin.  you don't ride penguins. penguins are much too small for humans to ride.  he supplied steel in a tanker. a tanker carries only liquids. tankers cannot carry steel efficiently.  a tanker holds liquid and steel is a metal.  jane applied llamas on her luscious lips.  llamas are animals.  "llamas are an animal, not an inanimate object.". "llamas are animals, not lipstick.". dinosaurs are on the streets. dinosaurs ceased to exist a long time ago. dinosaurs will not found on the streets.  dinosaurs are imaginary creatures.  a television is used to cook food.  a television can only show pictures it is not capable of cooking.  television does not produce heat to cook food.  a television is for watching a broadcast program.  he is drinking a bottle of bleach.  bleach is extremly dangerous and is not a drink.  people can die from drinking bleach. bleach isn't for drinking and is poisonous.  the woman sat while she walked.  sitting is staying still and walking is moving so you can't do both at the same time.  one cannot sit while walking.  she cannot sit while walking.  he also put his hand in the shoe to see if it fits.  hands don't fit well inside of shoes.  shoe cannot be used to put in his hand.  "shoes are for feet, not hands.". "he put his feet in the oven, on 350 degrees.". "he can't cook his feet, on 350 degrees.". oven is a place where we cannot put his feet.  oven is very hot. she unlocked the door with a lighter.  a lighter cannot unlock a door.  door can be unlocked with only key. "a lighter is used to set things on fire, not unlock doors.". she wore a house to school.  she can not wear a house.  house is not wearable.  you don't wear houses. she likes to cook tables.  nobody cooks tables.  table is an object she does'nt used for cook. tables are not food and therefore cannot be cooked.  the mouse made a cake for the mice.  a mouse eats cheese and feeds it to the mice.  mouse will not make cake.  mice can not read a recipe to make a cake and they can not bake.  he walks 100 miles daily to keep fit.  100 miles it too long a distance for one to cover in a day.  100 miles are not daily walkable distance. 100 miles not a walk-able distance. he scrubbed the pie.  a pie does not need to be scrubbed.  you cut a pie.  pie cannot scrubbed.  the chickens hair is long.  chickens do not grow hair.  "chickens don't have hair, they have feathers.". "chickens have feathers, not hair.". his treadmill exercised on him.  a person can get exercise on a treadmill but a treadmill cannot get exercise on a person.  a treadmill can't exercise on a person.  treadmill is not a coach for him. an umbrella can be used as protection against fire. an umbrella cannot resist a fire. umbrellas are flammable.  umbrella is used for rain not for fire. plants need poison to live. poison is likely to kill the plants. plants does not need poison to live.  plants need water and soil to live not poison. her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater.  you cannot drink a sweater.  you can't drink clothing. sweaters are not in liquid form.  my village is in a tree. a village is bigger than a tree. tree is a place where there has no village.  "normally villages are a group of places that people live, not in a tree.". buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake. mud is no eatable and should not use for cooking. mud does not go in cake.  mud would not make a very good cake.  the earth orbits around the moon.  the earth is much bigger than the moon.  "the moon orbits around the earth, not the other way around.". the moon is not a place where the earth does not orbits.  cows have more than onebaby at a time.  cows don't have baby's like humans do.  cows have only kitten not baby. cows does not have baby.  he cut a knife with a tomato. a tomato is not sharp enough to cut a knife. you can't cut a knife with food. tomato is not tool for cut anything. the kitten mooed.  every animal has a distinct noise it makes and a moo comes from a cow.  kittens don't moo. a kitten does not moo.  he can eat the trumpet. the trumpet is not good to eat. trumpet is a instrument. a trumpet is not food.  the man walked into the bank and ordered lunch. usually people visit bank for financial services. "a bank contains money, not lunch.". a bank does not have lunch.  a man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses.  blood of anyone would not help repair eyeglasses.  blood is not a mechanical tool that is used to repair items.  blood doesn't have sticking properties and so cannot be used to repair eyeglasses.  . he put gas in his coffee.  he can't drink gas.  gas does not belong in coffee. gas is poisonous if consumed.  violence is used to pay for products and services. using violence is against the law. violence cannot pay for products and services.  only money can be used to pay. bark on trees changes color in the fall. leaves die in the fall which leads to loss of pigment. bark on trees doesn't change colors.  bark on trees does not change color with the seasons.  a house has arms.  a house does not have arms.  a house has only doors and windows. house does not have arms.  children use leather bags to carry their school supplies. leather bags are delicate and uncomfortable for children. normally children use backpacks to carry their school supplies.  leather bags does not used to carry their school supplies.  james took his son off leash and finished up their evening walk.  james son doesn't wear a leash around his neck.  james son is not a dog to go with his walk. humans aren't supposed to be kept on a leash. i used a hurricane to look up house prices.  hurricanes are storms and cannot be used to look up house prices.  hurricane never show house price. hurricane doesn't show any information. water drank me in the morning. a human drinks the water.water does not drink a human. water can't drink people.  water doesn't drink people. "if you want to call a friend, you need a bluray player.". "bluray players are used to watch movies, not to call other people.". you can't call a friend with a prayer.  a bluray player cannot be used to make calls.  he wore a lawn mower to church. a suit can be worn and a lawn mower cuts grass.  lawn mower is a machine. lawn mower is not to wore. jessica put the car in the microwave.  a car cannot fit into a standard microwave.  cars do not fit in the microwave.  a car can not fit in a microwave.  different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots.  giraffes cannot be parked.  "giraffes are in africa and zoos as they are an animal, you do not park them.". giraffes do not park.  the sun makes you freeze. the sun is too hot to make you freeze. "the sun makes you warmer, not colder". the sun does not make to freeze.  the boy went to work with his spacial ship. it is not possible to use a spaceship to go to work. spacial ship does not used to go to work.  the boy went to work with the car. she ate her ballet shoes.  she cannot eat ballet shoes. shoes are not eatable. ballet shoes are made from inedible materials.  a car is used for skiing.  cars are not used to ski. skiing cannot done by a car.  cars are for driving.  bridges may be built to connect a wire. usually bridges are built to connect isolating places. wires are connected through connectors. bridges is not a electric object. she kicked the soccer ball with her hand.  "a foot is used to kick soccer balls, not a hand.". kicking is performed with one's feet.  you can not kick a soccer ball with your hand.  i went to france in south america.  the county of france doesn't exist in south america.  france is not located in south america.  france is a place that not situated in south america.  mice hunt birds and cats. "mice are not hunters, they are scavengers". cats are natural predators of mice and birds.  mice don't hunt birds and cats.  you must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television. plumbing has to do with water which has no influence on a television. plumbing is for water and not electricity that is needed for a television.  the plumbing bill has nothing to do with the television. he wore  his mailbox.  a watch can be worn but a mailbox cannot be worn.  mailbox cannot be wore.  mailbox is not a wearing accessory. the game could not end until the team scored the goal.  "games end when the time is up, not when a team scores a goal.". "the game doesn't go until someone scores, it goes until time runs out.". game is dependent on time only. she used an elephant to get into her car. elephants cannot be used to open car doors.  elephant is not a key to used to get into her car. an elephant wouldn't fit into a car.  i turned on the moon to make it brighter.  the moon cannot be turned on and off.  you cannot turn on the moon. humans can not control the moon.  he rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring.  autumn is the season when leaves fall from trees.  leaves cannot rakes in the spring.  leaves fall of the trees in the autumn not the spring time therefore he could not rake leaves in the spring.  i sat in class listening to the rock.  a rock cannot be listened to and does not teach classes.  rock not present in class. a rock does not teach subject. he saw a green elephant. a green elephant does not exist. elephant color is not a green. elephants are not colored green.  he threatened the man with a shirt.  a shirt is not an object that can be threatening to a person.  a shirt is not a weapon and can not be used to threaten someone with.  shirt does not threaten.  the woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date.  most people do not drink dog urine and dog urine has no labeled expiration date.  dog urine is not something you drink. urine tastes horrible and is bad for you. the room barged into the house.  a room can't barge into anything. its part of the house. a room can not move itself. the house is much bigger than the room.  a dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon.  dolphins live on earth in aquatic environment and breath air while the moon has neither water nor air.  moon hasn't living condition. dolphins live in the ocean.  she ate baked cell phone.  baked fish can be eaten but baked cell phone cannot.  cells phones are not for eating.  cellphone is not a fish to ate. computers eat bananas.  computer are man-made machines so they don't eat and bananas are food.  computers do not eat. computers do not eat.  the grill put ribs on to barbcue.  a person can put ribs on a grill to barbecue but a grill cannot put on ribs to barbecue.  grills do not move.  a grill can't actively put food on to barbecue.  someone climbed up the faucet.  nobody can climb a faucet.  no one can climb a faucet.  faucet is not a place to climb.  when a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses.  one cannot buy houses in a grocery store.  houses aren't sold at the grocery store.  grocery stores don't sell houses.  she wore a car.  she can not wear a car. you cannot wear a car.  cars are not able to be worn.  "if you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first, a grizzly bear will eat you.". "slapping mailboxes has nothing to do with your chances of encountering, or getting eaten by, a grizzly bear.". mailbox is not a red light to pull over. a grizzly bear doesn't care if you slap the mailbox first.  plenty of humans enjoy being killed. most humans are afraid of death. killing is hurtful thing. killing is hurtful pain. some scientists work as snipers.  "the snipers are always in the army, while scientists do not.". the probability of a scientist working as a sniper is very low.  snipers are not scientists.  computers use a dog and cheese to work.  a dog and a piece of cheese has nothing to do with how computers work.  "a dog is an animal and cheese is a food, neither of which can a computer use.". dog and cheese are not used by the computers.  ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant. vegetarian restaurants do not offer to serve chicken fry. chicken is a non-vegetarian. chicken is meat and therefor not vegetarian. i ran home to help my couch with dinner.  a couch is not capable of making dinner.  couches do not move on their own so they can not make dinner.  couch not prepar dinner. he put on his wheels to go for a run.  you cannot wear wheels however in order to run you need shoes.  wheels are not used to run.  you can not run using wheels. a bed if often covered with grass.  beds are never covered in grass.  grass is present only in sand. "grass grows outside, not on beds.". she parked her banana in the garage.  you don't drive or park a banana.  bananas are a fruit that you eat and you do not park them in the garage.  banana cannot park in the garage.  he flew a car.  an airplane can be flown and a car can be driven.  car runs on road with help of diesel/petrol.  car is so heavy it cannot fly. the national bird of colombia is the bold eagle. there are not bold eagles in colombia. bold eagle cannot be the national bird of colombia.  bold eagle is not the national bird of any country.  the airport went to her.  she can go to the airport but the airport can not go to her.  airports are places and immobile.  an airport is a large area where planes land and take off.  she rode her computer to the park.  a bike can be ridden to a park a computer cannot be ridden to a park.  computer is not a bike to park. computers are not things that can be ridden.  they turned on a fan because the room was cold.  "a fan is used to cool a room, so won't be turned on if the room is already cold.". no one turns on the fan when its already cold. "a fan gets turned on when it's hot, not cold.". children eat math in classrooms.  nobody can eat math.  math is not eatable thing. math is not a food. she wore her car. she can not wear her car. a car is not a wearable item.  a car is too heavy and inflexible to wear.  i walked on the lake.  it is impossible to walk on a lake. people are heavier than water and therefore cannot walk on top of it.  a lake cannot support a person walking on it.  "he spent the evening watching tv, because the test was tomorrow.". watching tv does not help you learn before a test.  he spent evening with study not for watching tv. he does not watch tv  the test was tomorrow.  he drove a chicken into the parking garage.  a chicken can not be driven.  a chicken is an animal and cannot be driven.  chicken cannot drove into the parking garage.  a logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need. usually we call people logger who cuts trees for different purpose. "loggers do not plant trees, they cut them down.". "a logger doesn't plant the trees, they cut them down.". there are many sodas in the night sky.  there are no sodas in the sky.  sodas does not present in the night sky.  sodas are not found in skies.  he put his closet in the backpack.  you just can't put a closet in a backpack.  backpacks will not fit closets in them.  closet is not a thing that cannot put in his backpack.  he drove the car on the dolphin. "a ramp is drivable, while a dolphin is not". dolphin is not a place to drive the car.  a car drives on the road.  babies drink beer. babies can only drink milk and beer will kill them. humans do not feed babies things that do not contribute to their development.  no babies drink beer. children enter an office building to see animals. animals don't live in office buildings. office buildings don't normally have animals to visit.  office building is not a place to see animals by the children.  you would eat computers for dessert.  you cannot eat computers.  computers cannot eat for dessert.  you can't eat electronics. all living people have legs.  some people were born with no legs and some others lost them during their lives.  there are people living without legs.  some people are born without legs or lose their legs due to trama.  a typical dog has four wheels.  dogs have legs to get around instead of wheels.  dog has legs not wheels. dog has only legs not wheels. pigs can fly. pigs are not capable to fly. pigs do not have wings.  pigs haven't feather. she ran through the solar system. it is impossible to run through the solar system. she cannot run through the solar system.  the solar system is too large to run through.  he put a baby in a cage. babies go in crib's not cages. cage is a enclosure. babies are human beings and not pets that may be put in a cage.  she turned on her sock.  a television can be turned on but a sock cannot be turned on.  sock is not an device. "socks is not an electric device ,we can wear them only.". someone can fry cake in the oven.  cake is not fried item.  frying requires oil at high temperatures. you can't fry food in an oven. the sun is not yellow; it's chicken.  chicken is not a color. the sun is not a chicken. "the sun is a star, not an animal.". scuba divers and sharks can fly. swimming is not flying. humans and sharks cannot fly.  shark is an insect it is not a bird to fly. flowers fly in the sky and come to rest on tree branches.  flowers don't fly through the air.  flowers doesn't have feather. flowers do not have wings and cannot fly.  amy got a bath on her literature paper.  you cannot get a bath on a paper.  bath is used for refresh oneself not for exam manner. paper will spoiled. the man upstairs has two heads.  a man cannot have two heads.  humans are born with one head.  a man has only one head. employees are not getting jobs.  employees are those who already have job.  jobs are not get by the employees.  if you are an employee then you have a job.  i played tv yesterday. you can't play with a tv. you watch tv and do not play it. tv is used for watching not for playing. she wore her bed to school.  a class ring can be worn to school but a bed cannot be worn to school.  a bed is not a clothing item.  a bed is not a wearable item.  the city of new york has many mountains.  there are no mountains in new york city.  there are no mountains in new york city.  forest only contains mountains not city. he went to the theater to buy a car.  one goes to the theater to see a play but one does not go to the theater to buy a car.  theater is place for watch movie. theater displays only movie. picnic is in the big game.  picnic is not a game.  picnic does not the big game.  kids love only game not picnic. he put water in his tires. he cannot put water into tires. tires need air to inflate them.  air is used to inflate the tires not water.  she washed the dishes in the bathroom.  "a kitchen is for dining, while a bathroom is for personal care.". she cannot wash the dishes in the bathroom.  "you can wash the dishes in the bathroom, but there's a lot of germs.". she made a trash can to her mother.  one cannot make a trash can to a mother.  trash cans are not used for communication.  trash can cannot made by the her.  people walk around naked. walking around naked is against the law. naked people don't walk around.  people should wear clothes if they are going to be walking around where others can see them.  she spoke fluently in both french and netherlands languages. netherlands is not a real language. netherlands and dutch are same and she spoke french.  netharland language is not a language. she put her tv on her feet.  jazz shoes can go on feet and tv is to be watched.  tv is not a wearing accessory. "a tv is for watching movies, it does not go on your feet.". trees provide money.  "money is made, not grown.". there is no tree for money. money does not come from trees. a man had a building for breakfast.  a buiding is much too large to be eaten by a person.  building is not a breakfast to eat. a building is not food.  he used a stapler to write his answers on the test. a stapler is for connecting papers not for writing on them. stapler is not used to write answers on the test.  a stapler is not something that you can write with.  she wore slippers to look professional at work.  slippers are not professional work attire.  slippers are not professional attire.  slippers does not used for professional at work.  shark eat grass.  grass only grow on land.  "sharks live in the ocean and eat other things that live in the ocean, not grass.". sharks are carnivores and eat meat.  he painted a portrait with a lamp. no one paints portraits with a lamp. you can't paint something with a lamp.  lamp is an electric object. he drank a car.  a milkshake can be drunk but a car cannot be drunk.  cars are not drinks.  car is not an milkshake to drink. he has a necklace made of pudding.  pudding can not be made into a necklace.  necklaces are made with metals and not with pudding.  necklace mad of gold not pudding. the man used toothpaste to paint his house.  toothpaste is not used for painting.  toothpaste is nto used to paint hosues. toothpaste will wash away and not stay like paint would.  i rode my cat into town. cats are too small to sit on. cat is not used to rode into town.  it is nearly impossible to ride a cat.  i wash my clothes in the vending machine. vending machines cannot wash clothes. vending machines will not clean clothes.  vending machines don't wash clothes.  a forest is a place full of bricks.  bricks are manmade and used to build houses and other buildings. "bricks are man-made things, not normally found in a forest.". bricks is a thing that does not present in a forest.  i sat down on the molecule.  molecules are too small to hold a person while sitting.  molecule is not a sitting place. molecule is not a place to sit.  she dries her hair using a comb. a comb is to comb the air not to dry them. you can't dry your hair using a comb. no one used comb as dryer. he drove his sock.  a car can be driven and a sock can be worn.  "socks are an item of clothing, typically meant to wear on one's foot.". sock is not a vehicle. the car moor is powered by water. water does not serve as fuel. moors are not found in cars. a car motor can not run on water.  the actor starred in my lava lamp.  people can't fit in a lava lamp.  actor act in the film not in lava lamp. actor starred in film only not lamp. he bought a new apple for the car.  apples do not work on a car.  apple is not fit for car. "cars don't need apples, as apples are food.". we are going to sleep to pittsburgh.  people cannot get anywhere by sleeping.  "one cannot sleep to get to pittsburgh, you sleep in a bed.". pittsburgh is a not a bed to sleep on.  the sun laid under the dog and took a short nap.  the sun is too big to lay under the dog.  the sun is not something that lays down or naps. the sun is million of miles a way.  going to school is for drinking. school is a place to learn. school is a place where we cannot drink.  school does not teach drinking. my brother likes to eat his bed. people cannot eat beds.  bed is not an eating item. bed is a not a thing to eat.  i rode my van into the house.  the van is too big ti fit into the house.  "riding a van into the house is not a good idea, you'll destroy the house.". van is much bigger than the house.  the child fell and hit his family tree on the brick. a family tree is not a physical object and cannot be hit. child is not a animal to tree on brick. chidren do not carry ther family trees with them. the woman wore camels on her date.  camels are animals and cannot be worn by a person. camels are bigger than woman. camels is a big animal. she rode a bike to the top of the stairs.  bikes cannot be ridden on stairs.  people don't ride bikes up stairs.  bikes cannot go up stairs. i looked up at the blue horse.  horses are not blue in color.  horse not in blue color. blue horse is not blue sky to looked up. a bowl is made of water.  water is a liquid which cannot be used to make a bowl.  water will not hold a shape.  a bowl can not be made of water.  you can walk on a lake.  you cannot walk on a lake.  a lake cannot support a person walking on it.  you will fall into the lake if you try to walk on it.  i used my pants to call my mother.  pants cannot be used to make or receive phone calls.  pants cannot used to call the mother.  pants does not have calling options. a dog is speaking with my sister. dogs can`t speak. dog does not speak.  dog can't speak to any one. people use mugs to drink laptops.  laptops cannot fit in mugs and you cannot drink a laptop.  laptops are not a drink. laptops are machines and are not designed to be ingested.  a camel is a fruit.  a camel is an animal and animals are not fruits.  a camel is an animal. a camel is not a fruit it is an animal. he ate a plastic bag.  a plastic bag does not contain nutrition and is harmful to eat.  plastic bags are not edible.  you can not eat a plastic bag.  she put on roller-skates to walk in the snow.  roller-skates aren't used for walking in the snow.  you can not walk in the snow in roller skates.  roller-skates cannot be used in the snow.  you should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated.  drinking alcohol actually dehydrate a persons and you need to drink a lot of water with in order to staty hydrated.  "alcohol, unlike water, is dehydrating.". alcohol dehydrates you.  she uses an apple to change the television channel.  "a remote is used to change the channel, an apple is used to eat.". apple cannot used to change the television channel.  she cannot use an apple to change the television channel.  he read the sock.  a newspaper can be read but a sock cannot be read.  socks are for wearing and not reading.  you can't read a sock. she is eating the beer.  a beer is in liquid form and eating is something you do with solid food.  beer cannot be eat.  beer is a liquid item. he puts his clothes into the barn.  clothing is will get dirty in a barn.  "clothes don't normally get stored in a barn, usually it's in the house.". barn is a place for horse. sleeping during sex is active during sex. you can't be sleeping and be active during sex. sleeping is for rest not for sex. you don't sleep while active during sex.  the sun rises in the west. the sun sets in the west. the sun always rises in the east. the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.  her sister is a wall.  a wall is not a person and cannot be a sister.  wall is a thing that her sister cannot be.  a wall is a thing and not a human identity.  i played mayonnaise on the tv. mayonnaise is a condiment. mayonnaise is a dish. mayonnaise is an eating item. many dogs take the bus to school.  dogs don't go to school.  dogs never got school. dogs do not go to school.  my pet chicken gave birth to a baby girl. "my pet chicken did'nt lay eggs, yesterday.". chickens give birth to chicks and not human babies.  chicken does not give birth to a baby girl.  the fish races across the field. fish swim in water. a fish can not travel across a field. fish cannot go on land. she sees better with ther blindfold.  a blindfold covers the eyes so one cannot see anything at all.  a blindfold blocks all eyesight.  blindfold can not see.  the universe is a dog.  a universe cannot be a dog.  a dog is an animal. the universe is much bigger than a dog.  he ate a house. he cannot eat a house. "a house is too large to eat, usually, unless it is made out of gingerbread.". house is not edible. he cut the radio.  grass can be cut but a radio should not be cut.  a radio is too hard to cut. radio cannot cut.  i ate because i was nauseous. "if you feel nauseous, eating more food can worsen the sickness". no one ate when feel nauseous. being nauseous would make one not want to eat.  he wrote a postcard to his boss. postcards are not used in formal communications. it's not suitable to send boss postcards in official manners. post card is not suitable for official manner. "sharks drive on the highway, not the interstate.". "sharks can't drive cars, no matter where.". sharks live in the water and do not drive at all.  sharks do not drive.  you would plant seeds to get an oil change.  nobody plants seeds for an oil change.  planting seeds will not change your oil.  planting seeds doesn't get you an oil change.  he turn on his shirt.  a cell phone can be turned on but a shirt cannot be turned on.  a shirt cannot be turned on.  shirt cannot be turn on.  some sons are older than their biological fathers.  "a son is an offspring of a father, which requires the father to exist first.". fathers sire their sons.  a son can't be older than his father.  the battery ran out of computers. batteries only run on energy. batteries don't use computers.  "batteries are used, they cannot use things.". her grandpa died on pluto. people cannot go to pluto. pluto is not a death place. no one has ever been on pluto.  bobby ate a carpet for lunch.  nobody eats carpet.  carpet is a cloth. carpet is a cloth. "needles are sharp, so you should put them in your eye.". needles should never be put near your eye as it can cause irreversible damage.  poking yourself in the eye with a needle would cause blindness.  needles are not used to put them in the eye.  she put the plate in the washing machine.  plates are dishes which are cleaned by dishwashers while washing machines are for clothes.  washing machine washes only clothes. "washing machines are for clothes, not dishes.". she put a cell phone in the oven to bake.  a turkey can be baked in an oven but a cell phone cannot be baked in the over.  cell phones break at high heat and do not need baked.  oven is a hot place. dogs like to talk at cats.  dogs cannot talk.  dogs are not able to talk. dogs don't talk.  can i borrow your ruler to cut the turkey?. ruler do not have sharp edges for cutting. rulers are used to measure and knives are used to cut meat.  ruler is a thing that cannot used to cut the turkey.  please attach your pet in the email. you cannot attach your pet in an email. in email only all types of documents can be attached not the living things.  "pet is not virtual entity , its real". i watched an advertisement on my dog.  a dog cannot be used to watch advertisements.  dog is not a thing to watch an advertisement.  advertisements can only be played on broadcasting medium whereas dog is not such a media.  she ate the concrete.  pizza can be eaten but concrete can not be eaten.  concrete is not edible.  concrete is made of sand and water that hardens when it dries.  he went snowboarding in the ocean.  one can't snowboard in the ocean.  snowboard is not swimming object. "snowborarding is a sport done in the mountains with snow, not in the ocean.". she went on a pizza.  she can go on vacation but she cannot go on pizza.  pizza is food. you can't go on a pizza anywhere.  we ate dinner at the bathroom sink.  people don't eat food in the bathroom.  bathroom sink is not a place for eat. "bathroom sinks are for washing, not eating". this sentence is false.  that sentence was a paradox because it is neither true nor false.  the sentence isn't unproven.  there are no verifiable facts to judge whether or not the sentence is false.  he will marry her on the moon. the moon is in space. going to the moon is very expensive and requires training and authorization.  the moon is in outerspace.  he wore his sandwich today. a person cannot wear food as an item of clothing.  he only wore coat not sandwich. sandwich is not a thing that cannot wore.  frank often reads a kitchen. "usually people read books, a kitchen is a place". a kitchen is a room in a house and therefore can't be read.  kitchen cannot read by the frank.  her computer completed work on her.  one can complete work on a computer but a computer cannot complete work on a person.  a computer cannot complete work on its own. "the person completed the work, not the computer.". "she went to the bathroom, because she was out of food.". there is no food in the bathroom.  bathroom is a place where we cannot get food.  food is not found in bathrooms. food is found in kitchens.  she warmed her foil in the microwave.  soup can be warmed in the microwave but foil should not.  foil is not a thing to warm in the microwave.  foil will catch fire in a microwave.  he painted his grass.  a house can be painted but grass should be cut not painted. grass has its own natural color and does not need to be painted.  grass is a thing that cannot paint.  france is the most populated country. france has less habitants than china. france does not have enough area to be the most populated country.  france population is small. i will go to jupiter today.  it is impossible to travel to jupiter in 1 day.  getting to jupiter would be quite hard to get to.  jupiter is not a place to go.  i went on a trip to saturn.  it is currently impossible for humans to travel to saturn.  saturn is not a place to go for a trip.  its impossible to travel to saturn. a dog is an adult cat. a dog is a different type of animal. dog cannot be a cat.  dogs are a different species to cats. stacy tosses the ball for her flowers.  nobody tosses a ball for flowers.  flower can not run towards ball. ball is used for playing not for flowers. the man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge.  a shower sponge isn't used for brushing your teeth.  shower sponge cannot used to brush the teeth.  a shower sponge cannot used to brush his teeth.  sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck.  a rubber duck cannot penetrate a metal can.  a rubber duck is a toy for children.  rubber duck not a opening tool. i like to golf in space with my friends. people cannot golf in space.  we can't golf in space.  there is no gavity in space so golf is not possible.  stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen.  people cannot make lakes in a kitchen.  lakes is bigger than kitchen. food is made in the kitchen and not lakes which are bodies of water.  a book is something you cook.  cooking is something you do with food and books are not food.  book is not an eating item. book is made from paper to read while food can be only cooked.  the plane is flying on earth. the plane doesn't fit on the highway. flying is always in the sky. planes can't fly on land. he wore a tree with his suit.  a tie can be worn with a suit but a tree cannot be wore with a suit.  tree is not a cloth to wear. trees are not articles of clothing.  you are likely to find a tree on a koala. a tree cannot grow on a koala. "we usually find trees upright, but a tree on a koala would have to have fallen over.". koala is used for drinking not found on tree. he put milk in his shoes.  milk does not go into shoes. milk will spoiled his shoes. you should not put milk in your shoes because it will make them wet and smelly.  the boy was playing with the clouds. the clouds are too high to play with. clouds are not kite to play. clouds are not a playing thing. "dinosaurs brew 6 cups of coffee this morning, also.". dinosaurs are much to big to drink out of coffee cups.  dinosaurs have been extinct for thousands of years.  dinosaurs do not drink coffee. a child is playing with a tiger. tigers are wild animals and generally dangerous to play with. tiger cannot used as a play thing by a child.  tigers are dangerous.  if you want to forget german quickly you should practise every day.  you cannot practise forgetting.  "practising makes you remember, not forget". german is a language it is not a excercise. she wore a tree to work.  sandals can be worn to work but a tree can not be worn.  a tree is not a clothing item.  a tree is not a wearable item.  he delivered a baby girl. only women deliver babies. men don't birth babies.  he doesnot suitable for delivered a baby girl. i put my bowling ball on this morning.  a bowling ball cannot be worn by a person.  bowling ball is a sports thing. bowling ball is not a clothing accessory. he put milk into his car engine.  milk does not go into car engines.  the car engine does not have the milk.  milk is used for drink not for car engine. he was pregnant.  men have no ovaries and no uterus.  a man cannot be pregnant as he does not have a uterus.  male person can't get pregnant only females can be.  he brought a giraffe to the party.  "it is common to bring gifts to a party, not animals.". giraffe cannot be brought.  a giraffe would be hard to contol and fit at a party.  the father put a band-aid on his child's scraped hair.  you cannot scrape your hair and you do not put band-aids on your hair.  you cannot scrape your hair.  hair cannot be scraped like flesh.  i went to the bakery to see the elephants. there are no elephants at a bakery. bakery is a place where we can't see the elephants.  "bakeries have pastries and dough-based food items, not elephants or other animals.". he kept ice cream in the pot to eat. pot is a container used to grow plants. pot is for cooking.  pots are too big for serving ice cream.  he drove a ball point pen to his mom's house.  you cannot drive a ball point pen.  a ball point pen cannot be driven.  a person cannot drive a ball point pen.  swords are used for massaging people.  swords are too sharp and dangerous to use on a human body.  swords have sharp edges and would hurt.  swords are sharp and hurt. she drove her television to work. televisions are not vehicles. a television is not a means transportation.  you cannot drive a television.  she folded her car neatly. its impossible to fold a car. car does not fold.  cars cannot be folded.  she drank lemonade from a lamp. lamps do not hold lemonade. beverages aren't served in lamps.  lamps are not cups.  the sun comes down in the morning. usually sun comes down at evening. the sun rises in the morning.  the sun always rises in the morning.  i sat on the wardrobe after lunch. wardrobes are not usual places to sit. wardrobe is not a place to sit.  a wardrobe is too tall to sit on. he threw the bull. bull cannot be thrown by person. bulls are very heavy.  bulls cannot be picked up and thrown by humans.  he was polishing his watch with shoe wax. shoe wax is used to polish shoes. watch should not polished with shoe wax.  shoe wax would damage a phone.  a birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person's divorce. a birthday card would be inappropriate to celebrate a divorce. a birthday card is an inappropriate way to address a divorce.  birthdays cards are for happy events.  "he took his pregnant husband, who was in labor to the hospital.". a man cannot get pregnant.  husband will not become pregnant.  men cannot be pregnant.  "my car broke down on the way; therefore, i hired a driver". a driver cannot drive a broke down car. a driver cannot drive a broken car.  hiring a driver makes no sense when your car is unusable.  the water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean. water will not stand in clean kitchen sinks unless the drain is clogged. the kitchen sink would be fine if this were the case.  a clean sink will not hold water.  i am going to the airport to catch my train.  aeroplanes are found at airports.  trains are not available at the airport. the airport doesn't have trains. the children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach.  children don't create microscopes and microscopes are not created at the beach.  giant microscope can't built in the beach.  a microscope is too complicated for children to build at a beach. she brought a jungle to school.  a jungle cannot be moved to a school.  a jungle cannot be moved.  a jungle cannot be transported.  watches are used to make call. watches cannot make calls as cell phones. watches are used to tell the time.  watches are not used like telephones.  a rocking chair can fly up and down.  a rocking chair only rocks and cannot fly given that it is a piece of furniture.  rocking chairs do not have the ability to fly.  a rocking chair can only rock on the ground.  he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did. a church is meant to pray the god and not for the people who do crime.  a church is not a place where police house criminals.  you don't get sent to church for commiting a crime.  she walked her dog in the bathroom. bathrooms are not spacious or natural enough to be a walking area. you do not walk your dog inside.  a bathroom is too small to adequately or realistically walk a dog in.  he woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park. dead people will never woke up. you cannot wake up if you are dead.  "once you are dead, you do not wake up.". sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later.  a horse cannot fit in a fridge.  horses are not food and do not fit in refrigerators.  a horse cannot fit inside of a fridge.  he parked a diesel in the garage.  a diesel is a lot larger than a garage.  a diesel is too large to fit in a garage.  diesel is a fuel for burning not parking.  she came to dance class in a flamingo.  flamingoes are not clothing.  flamingo is a bird that can't wear.  she cannot wear a flamingo to dance class because it is an animal.  in the book people live on broccoli.  broccoli is too small for people to live on.  people don't physically live on top of a head of broccoli.  broccoli is a vegetable and too small to live on as humans.  television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry. television is a device used to watch motion pictures. televisions are not soft or moisture safe. a television is for watching. i went for a run this morning in the microwave.  a person can not fit in a microwave.  people cannot fit inside of a microwave.  one cannot be inside of a microwave.  he saw an elephant in the sky. elephant doesn't have wings to fly while birds have.  elephants can't fly.  elephants cannot fly and would only be seen on land.  he put clothes in the refrigerator. clothes are usually meant for wearing and not for cooling. "clothes are not put in a refrigerator, they are put in a dresser.". clothing does not belong in the refrigerator.  he bought a lion.  the lion is not a pet .  a lion can't be bought. it is illegal to buy a lion.  he stares at the cpu to watch the movie. a cpu cannot show a movie. "the cpu is hardware, also known as a processor, so it doesn't display visuals on its own.". the cpu doesn't show video.  you often find aardvarks in shoes. .  aardvarks don't wear shoes.  aardvarks do not wear shoes.  aardvarks are animals that do not live in shoes.  i put the paper towel in the dishwasher.  the paper towel is not a dish.  you cannot wash a paper towel.  paper towels do not belong in dishwashers.  i ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast. people don't eat shoes and blankets as food. shoes and blankets are not food.  shoes and blankets aren't consumable objects.  we went tequila tasting at a winery. wineries can't serve liquor. "wineries make wine, not tequila.". they don't make tequila at a winery.  he bakes phones in an oven. baking phones in an oven will break the phone. phones are not food and aren't baked.  oven is not a place to bake the phone.  he is running on the cycle in the gym. no one can run on cycle. "you cannot run on the cycle, you can only bike on it.". cycle is not a treadmill to run. he threw the sun. the sun is too big to be thrown. a sun cannot be picked up or thrown.  the sun is too hot to be thrown.  cans can contain leopards inside of them.  a leopard is too large to be contained inside of a can.  a leopard cannot fit inside of a can.  leopards can't fit in a can.  "mike put bricks on the table, also.". bricks are to heavy for a plate.  bricks are not for snacking and don't belong on tables.  bricks do not belong on tables.  she met her tiger at a fancy restaurant.  tigers are not allowed in fancy restaurants.  "people usually don't own tigers, and restaurants never would let one in.". a tiger cannot be found in a fancy restaurant. he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions.  a restaurant does not have teachers to teach discipline. "a restaurant is a place eating, for discipline.". a restaurant is not a place to be disciplined.  pots grow in a garden. pots are man-made. pots are not organic and do not grow. "pots are used to grow plants, but the pot itself cannot grow.". you can bake with a telescope.  a telescope is a scientific instrument and not a baking tool.  a telescope does not have the ability to bake or create heat.  telescope does not bake.  horses are good for milking.  horses cannot be milked.  horses cannot be milked.  horses do not produce milk.  sara put a bird in the refrigerator.  a bird can't breath in a refrigerator.  a living bird does not go inside of a refrigerator.  birds cannot live inside of a refrigerator.  a mouse has a computer. "a mouse cannot own things, and mouse in a context with computers is a different thing". mice cannot use computers.  mice cannot learn to use computers.  he put milk in the freezer. milk doesn't go in the freezer. milk should not keep in the freezer.  milk does not belong in the freezer.  the national newspaper had a story about the local fair. the local fair is a small story and only important to people who live nearby. national papers don't write about small local items.  national news doesn't cover local affairs.  he carried his car when he crossed the street.  a car is too heavy for a man to carry for any distance and to move the car normally one would just drive it to the desired location.  cars are too large to pick up and carry.  cars weigh too much to be carried.  . the bike rode him to work.  bikes do not ride people.  bikes are inanimate objects.  bikes do not ride people.  he went to vegetable market to buy shoes. vegetable markets are for vegetables not for shoes. vegetable markets don't sell shoes. a vegetable market does not sell shoes.  he put a giraffe in his backpack.  a giraffe would not fit in a backpack.  a giraffe is too large for a backpack.  a giraffe is too large to fit into a backpack.  someone ate my rocks.  people cannot eat rocks like they can eat jellybeans.  people do not eat rocks.  rocks cannot ate.  cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed.  there is no reason cleaning your monitor would cut your fingers in any way.  cleaning a monitor does cause pain to fingers.  cleaning a monitor does not use harsh cleaning chemicals.  boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts.  boys do not have breasts like girls.  boys breasts do not need bra support.  "ladies, not men, wear bras.". bicycles can drive faster than cars.  cars have motors and bicycles do not.  "bicycles are human powered, and cannot be faster than cars.". people cannot pedal hard enough to match a car engine.  the tortoise hops along the road.  "tortoises do not hop to get around, the walk.". tortoises do not hop.  tortoise cannot hop. if water gets cold we will make cold noodles. there is no way to make noodles with cold water. "warm, not cold, water is used for noodles.". cold water cannot be used to make cold noodles.  the quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play.  a person cannot throw a lion and animals are not used in football.  lions aren't used in football and are usually too big to be thrown.  lions are too large to be thrown.  his new shoes are made of peanut butter.  shoes cannot be made out of peanut butter.  "peanut butter is meant to be eaten, not worn as shoes.". shoes are not made of peanut butter.  he drives a horse.  horses can not be driven.  you ride a horse. a horse does not have a steering wheel to drive.  he rode bike on the sky. bike cannot fly and it is a road transport vehicle. bikes cannot be ridden in the sky.  a bike is not aerodynamic or powerful enough to ride in the sky.  he threw his house into the trash bin. a house is too big to fit into the trash bin. a house cannot fit into a trash bin.  a house is too big for a trash bin.  the donut ran into the wall. donuts cannot run. donuts are inanimate objects and cannot run.  donuts are not able to run.  he cut the grass with a hammer.  hammers cannot cut grass.  "hammers are used to apply blunt force pressure, and cannot cut.". hammers are not sharp and cannot cut.  she baked a shoe for dinner.  a shoe is not edible.  you cannot eat a shoe.  shoes are not edible.  people go to the bathroom to earn money. bathrooms don't pay anything. there is no one to work for in a bathroom.  bathrooms are not jobs.  he put a tiger into the toaster.  a tiger cannot fit into the toaster.  an elephant is much larger than the toaster.  a tiger does not belong or fit in a toaster.  my dog likes to eat clouds when i cook. dogs cannot eat clouds. clouds are not solid.  clouds cannot be eaten.  sugar has a sour taste. sugar always have sweet taste. sugar is meant to sweeten food.  sugar has sweet taste.  he took a bath with dry dirt to get clean.  dirt will make you dirtier.  "putting dirt on yourself would make your more dirty, the opposite of being clean.". "dirt does not get one clean, but dirtier.". he handed the phone to an otter.  otters don't talk.  otters don't use phones to communicate.  otters have no hands.  the ocean was dry. the ocean is made up of water. an ocean is made of water.  the ocean is wet.  the wall bounced off the ball.  a wall is stationary and cannot bounce off of a ball.  walls don't bounce.  walls are stationary and don't move.  he likes to eat water.  he cannot eat water because water is not a solid.  "water is a liquid and cannot be eaten, only drank.". water does not need to be chewed.  computers are kept in wet locations.  moisture is damaging to computers.  computers don't work when they are wet.  computers would be damaged by wetness.  he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring. an elephant is an animal and cannot be proposed. people don't marry elephants.  men do not marry elephants.  she bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people.  people do not normally carry large heavy homeware in the club.  ovens are to big to take with you.  you cannot transport an oven.  i sleep in my bidet every night. bidets are not made for sleeping. bidets cannot be slept in or upon.  "a bidet is used to wash up after using the toilet, not for sleeping.". she went to the doctor to buy some coffee.  doctors do not sell coffee.  doctors do not sell coffee.  the doctor treats people who are sick and does not sell coffee.  he knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family. "if he is working, he cannot spend time with his family". more work hours means time away from family.  more time working means less time away from the family.  the dog had fun on the moon today. it is not possible to put a dog on the moon. a dog can't reach the moon. a dog cannot survive on the moon.  i baked a roast beef for dessert.  you don't eat roast beef for dessert.  roast beef is a main course dish.  a roast beef is not a dessert food.  he hit the ball with a telephone. you do not play sports with a telephone. this serves no purpose and might damage the phone.  you can't hit a ball with a telephone because it is too small.  the waves were crashing on the street. waves usually seen at water bodies. the waves do not crash on the street.  waves are not suitable for street. the bird spoke to us. a bird cannot speak. birds cannot speak.  birds cannot talk.  i drank glass this morning.  coffee is drinkable and a glass is an object that cannot be consumed.  glass cannot be ingested.  "glass is a solid, not a liquid". she put gas in her skateboard to drive to work.  a skateboard does not need gas nor do you drive one.  a skateboard does not have a fuel tank.  skateboards do not require fuel to operate.  "christopher columbus sailed to north america with three ships: the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda.". "the santa maria, the pinta, and the nina are sailing ships, while the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda are cars.". "toyotas, pontiacs, and mazdas are car names and they did not exist in columbus's time.". "these are names of cars, not columbus's ships.". a diaper wears babies.  a diaper is for the purpose of filling with a baby's waste and cannot wear a baby.  diaper can't wear babies.  "diapers are worn, and do not wear anything.". wind is coming through closed glass window.  wind cannot pass through glass like light.  wind can't get thru a closed window.  wind cannot come through closed windows.  johnny ate a 4-course meal as his snack.  a snack is usually a small food portion.  a 4-course meal is too big to be a snack. "a snack is, by definition, smaller than a meal.". he wears a sofa in the winter. no one wears sofa as clothes. sofas are too heavy to wear.  sofas cannot be worn because they are not clothing.  the raccoons flew south for the winter.  raccoons can't fly.  raccoons don't have wings.  raccoons can't fly nor do they migrate south.  a clothing closet is for hanging up your car.  a car is much too big for a closet.  a clothing closet cannot hang up a car.  a car cannot fit in a closet.  he chopped the tree with his finger.  the finger is not sharp and hard enough to cut the tree.  his finger is not an axe.  a finger is not sharp enough to chop a tree.  he got in his bathtub to go to work.  "you get in a bath tub to take a bath, not go to work.". bathtubs are not transportation.  a bath tub is not a vehicle.  something you will find on a chess board is a president. there is no president in the chess game. there is no chess piece called a president.  there is no chess piece called the president.  she put the bath in the baby. you can't put anything in a baby. a baby cannot have a bath inside it.  a bath cannot be placed inside of a person.  george washington came to my child's birthday party yesterday.  "george washington died many years ago, while many clowns were alive yesterday.". george washington is dead.  george washington passed away hundreds of years ago.  she put the donkey on hold.  donkeys can't make phone calls.  donkey cannot put on hold.  donkeys cannot make phone calls.  he drank coffee to go to sleep.  coffee contains caffeine which is a stimulant.  "coffee is a stimulant used to increase alertness, so people don't drink it to sleep.". coffee has a stimulant effect and would not help someone sleep.  socks is a thing which we wear on neck. socks is a cloth which we can wear only on legs not in neck. socks aren't worn on our necks.  we cannot wear socks on neck.  i bake my pie in the hoover. hoover does not bake things. a hoover can not bake. hoovers don't heat up to cook food.  he put shark in a ranch. shark cannot survive in a ranch. sharks cannot live on land.  ranch is not a place to put the shark.  there is a truck on the bed. a bed could not stand the weight of a truck. a truck will not fit on a bed.  a truck is too large to be on a bed.  the woman walked through the keyhole. a human cannot fit through a keyhole. women do not fit through a keyhole. a keyhole is too small for a woman to walk through.  people eat coal. coal is not consumed as food. eating coal would cause illness to a person.  people only eat food.  he bought a lion.  lion is not a pet.  a lion can't be bought. it is illegal to buy a lion.  he threw a building at her.  no one is able to throw a building.  one cannot throw buildings.  a building is too large to throw.  tom has bought a car which has six rooms. usually a car cannot have many rooms. cars do not have rooms.  a car does not have rooms.  the rope jumped him. the rope has no life to jump. a rope cannot do anything on its own.  ropes are inanimate objects.  he cries while he is chopping some apples. apples can't make a human  cry while he is shopping it.  chopping apples does not cause someone to cry.  apples don't produce an odor or vapor potent enough to make someone cry.  the sun revolves around the earth. the heliocentric theory explains that the sun cannot turn around the earth. the sun is larger than the earth.  "the sun does not revolve around the earth, the earth revolves around the sun.". the woman went driving in the lake.  the woman can't drive in a lake.  lake is a place where we cannot drive.  a lake cannot be through.  the ostrich is at the mall.  an ostrich does not go to the mall.  mall is a place where the ostrich don't live.  animals typically aren't found within malls.  a left shoulder is part of a pie. "shoulder is a part of the human body, not a food". a body part is not edible.  pies do not have sholders.  two is more than three.  two is less than three.  three is much bigger than two.  two is less than three.  he got on a car and flew to his destination.  cars can't fly but planes can.  cars cannot fly.  car cannot flew.  the kids are getting on the banana.  kids do not ride bananas to school.  kids cannot fit on top of a single banana.  kids cannot ride a banana to school.  they bunk classes to hang out with parents. parents would know that their children are not attending classes. parents would not permit this behavior.  people don't usually bunk classes to hang out with parents.  i am going to beach from madurai. but not beach to live in madurai. madurai does not have a beach.  madurai does not have beach.  she jumped over the grand canyon.  the grand canyon is too large to jump over.  the grand canyon is too big for anyone to jump over.  the grand canyon is too large to jump across.  there are many spceships in the sea.  spaceships travel through space and not water so they are usually not found is seas.  "spaceships are in space, or on land before they get to space.". "spaceships belong in space, not the sea.". he ate tomato soup with a fork. the fork would not hold the liquid. you cannot eat tomato soup with a fork.  the soup would slip between the cracks of the fork making it impossible to eat that way.  water is often used as a fuel. petrol is much flammable than petrol. water is not a fuel.  engines and other such motorized equipment requiring a catalyst don't operate on water.  a pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet.  a pig is a physical creatures and cannot consist of letters.  a pig is not made of letters.  a pig is an animal.  she is asking for a vacuum cleaner for president's day. people do not exchange gifts on president's day. you don't receive presents on president's day.  vacuum cleaner is for cleaning not for president day. my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day. no one goes to gym after eating the meals. after eating gym is not good. gyms are usually closed after dinner. she also cooked cow legs for the entree.  "a cows leg isn't usually an entree, for dinner.". cow legs is not good for cooking. cow legs are not commonly served entrees.  i started eating lot of food to lose weight.  no one eats more to lose weight.  you do not eat a lot to lose weight.  to lose weight we should not eat lot.  she replanted the car into a larger pot.  cars are larger than pots and are not something you replant.  cars cannot be planted.  cars are a lot bigger than flowerpots.  he went to mcdonald's to eat lobster. n mcdonalds they don't sell lobster. mcdonald's does not serve lobster.  mcdonald's does not serve lobster.  the color green is a combination of yellow and red. the colors yellow and red make orange not green. green is  yellow and blue.  "yellow and red are primary colors, while green is not.". apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one's wrist. apple is a fruit people eat. apples are fruit.  "apples are meant to be eaten, not worn.". something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu. food menus are found at most restaurants. internet cafes do not serve food like traditional cafes.  internet cafes don't sell food because people would get it all over the computers. she drives a red apple.  an apple is not a vehicle therefore cannot be driven. an apple can not be driven. a person cannot get inside of an apple.  the cat ate a horse. a cat could not eat a horse because a horse is too big. a horse is much bigger than a cat.  a cat does not eat horses.  large dogs can fit in a handbag.  a handbag is too small to contain a large dog.  large dogs are too big to fit in handbags.  "dog breeds classified as ""large"" are far too big to fit in handbag.". window wants to be clean. window can't have any desire. windows are not alive and cannot want anything.  windows are inanimate.  he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge. no one pours milk for plants. you do not feed a plant milk. plants don't consume milk.  he cooked his hat on the grill.  a hat is not an item of food.  people don't grill their clothing.  "people don't cook hats, they are not food.". roger throws a couch for his dog.  a couch is too heavy to throw.  a couch is too heavy to throw.  roger cannot throw a couch because it is too big.  using a bbq i made a smoothie. smoothies are not something a bbq can make.  smoothies are made in a blender.  "smoothies are made with blenders, not on a grill.". he used a cat to unlock the door.  cats cannot unlock doors. a cat does not function like a key.  cats cannot fit into keyholes.  the fish ran after the red ball. fish cannot run. fish cannot run.  fishes swim in water and cannot run.  i put air in my car. gas fuels car not air. cars do not use air as fuel.  a car does not run on air.  animals live in homeless shelters. "cats live in animal shelters, not homeless shelters.". homeless shelters are for people.  homeless shelters are for humans. she brushed her teeth with spoon. spoon is a kitchen utensil used to eat food. "spoons are used for eating, not brushing teeth.". a spoon cannot be used to brush ones teeth.  he jumped out of the plane to the  ground. one cannot jump out of the plane and safely land on the ground without a parachute. he can't jump out of a plane to the ground and live.  jumping out of a plane on the ground would kill you. she went to a dentist to check her eyes. dentist is someone who examines tooth. a dentist checks teeth. dentists specialize in teeth.  she put gloves on her feet. gloves do not fit feet. gloves belong on the hands.  gloves do not belong on feet.  give me more humans. humans is a person. can not give it to someone else. humans are not something that can be given or traded as a commodity.  human cannot be given to someone.  she brought a new cat for her fishtank. cats eat fish and don't like living in water. cats do not belong in fish tanks.  cats don't breathe water.  he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash. a stadium is meant fro recreational activities. stadiums don't have medical equipment or doctors equipped to handle a victim of a car crash.  a stadium is not a place to receive medical attention.  he cooked the computer. computers are not supposed to be cooked. cooking a computer would destroy it.  computer cannot cooked.  she put her phone on the cloud.  clouds can't hold phones.  clouds cannot be reached by people.  clouds cannot hold phones.  you are likely to find a dinosaur in court. whole dinosaur are dead years ago. dinosaurs have been extinct for hundreds of millions of years.  dinosaur does not find in the court.  the american went to europe by train.  there are no rail links across the ocean to europe.  you cannot cross the ocean on a train.  there is an ocean between america and europe.  a hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke.  "hurricanes are swirling masses of air and water, and not sand and smoke and can't start on land.". "hurricanes are not comprised of sand and smoke, but rather natural elements.". hurricane is not good for  sand and smoke. he put a fridge in a chicken.  "a fridge cannot fit inside a chicken, nor would anyone try to make such a thing happen.". a fridge is too large to put in a chicken.  a fridge is bigger than a chicken.  books can read people.  a book is an inanimate object and cannot read anything.  books are not conscious and can't read.  books are inanimate objects.  he eats a toaster for dinner.  a person cannot eat a toaster.  toaster cannot be eaten.  toasters are made of metal and cannot be eaten.  water is dusty. water travels the path of least resistance and flows freely. water can't be dusty.  water is a liquid and a lubricant.  he eats a pen every day. no one eats a pencil as food. a pen is not edible.  pens are not edible.  he ran over a extinct animal. you can not run over something that doesn't exsist anymrore. turkeys are not extinct.  an extinct animal cannot be ran over.  he ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch.  you cannot eat rubberbands.  rubber bands are inedible.  rubber bands are not consumable. he put the guniea pig in the fridge.  guniea pigs cant survive in the fridge.  a guniea pig does not live in a fridge.  animals should not be put in the fridge.  he was admitted in a university after a heart attack. a university does not have doctors and nurses. a university is not a place to admit after heart attack.  a college is not a hospital.  dogs like to chase hippos. dogs and hippos do not share habitats. hippos do not run and are not apt for chasing by dogs.  dogs aren't around hippos to chase them.  i threw a sandwich to the catcher.  a sandwich isn't equipment that is thrown to a catcher.  you don't play baseball with sandwiches. catchers don't catch sandwiches.  the girl played on the cat at the park.  a cat is too small to play on.  girl cannot play on the cat.  a cat is too small and fragile for a girl to play on. laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news. laptop is a portable computer people use to do work. laptop does not have folded sheets.  "a laptop is a device, not a printed publication.". he cooked the stove. stove is used to cook potatoes but cannot be cooked. stoves cannot be cooked.  stoves do the cooking.  she went flying above the clouds in a submarine.  submarines do not fly.  submarine does not fly in the clouds.  submarines do not fly.  he played the cd on the record player.  it is impossible to play a cd on a record player.  record players only play vinyl records.  a record player cannot play a compact disc.  the chair drove quickly down the road.  a chair does not have a mechanism that allows it to drive.  chairs cannot drive.  a chair cannot be driven.  i drink gasoline in the morning. gasoline is not safe for drink. gasoline is highly inflammable and cannot be drunk.  gasoline is lethal when ingested. the grocery store has lumber on sale.  grocery store do not sell lumber.  lumber does not present in the grocery store.  a grocery store does not sell lumber. water can be stored in dvds. dvd will not work if we put water in it. dvds cannot store water inside them.  a dvd cannot store water.  only smoking may cause cancer. not only the smoking main culprit for cancer. there are many factors that can lead to cancer besides smoking.  many things cause cancer.  i wash my clothes in the dish washer. dish washer does not wash clothes. "dish washers are meant for dishes, not clothes.". the dishwasher will not wash clothes correctly.  she kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet. usually people keep gold safe. one does not abandon their gold in public.  it is not normal for someone to walk around with gold.  violins are used to stir soup.  violins are not a kitchen utensil.  "violins are used for music, not food.". soup is usually stirred with a spoon or similar utensil designed for cooking.  he drives a table.  a table does not have wheels.  "you cannot drive a table, it does not have wheels.". a table is a piece of furniture and cannot be driven.  he buys a table to live with his family. table do not have space to live. a family cannot live in a table.  a table is too small to house a family.  she bought a steak for dessert.  a steak can be eaten for dessert.  steak is not served as a dessert.  steaks are not sweet.  i am afraid of floating while swimming. floating is a comfortable position and need not be afraid of it. while swimming we cannot float.  floating is not dangerous and there is no reason to be afraid of it.  you would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read.  singing to your children would make them want to sing more instead of reading.  "singing has to do with speaking and listening, which is a different form of communication than reading.". singing does not show someone how to read.  i listened to the song on the fridge.  you can't play music on a fridge.  the fridge does not play music. a fridge does not play music. blood comes out during volcano. blood comes out from living things body usually from a wound. "a volcano is not filled with blood, but lava.". volcanoes don't bleed.  buses carry rocks to their destination. buses are made to serve living people. rocks cannot board and disembark on their own.  "buses carry people, not rocks, to their destinations.". she rides the lamp to school everyday. lamps are immobile and too small to ride. "lamps are a light source, and cannot be used for transportation.". lamps are not vehicles of transport.  she cooked bacon in the sink.  you cannot cook in the sink. bacon is cooked on the stove not the sink.  one cannot cook in the sink.  lying is a sport. a sport involves physical activity. "lying is not a sport, but a attitude". lying is not a sport.  the sweater comes from a can. sweaters do not come from cans. cans aren't used to contain sweaters.  sweaters don't fit in cans.  bleach is a popular sandwich filling. bleach is poisonous to the human body. bleach is not edible.  bleach is a chemical that is dangerous if you ingest it.  she wrote in her diary with a purple knife.  "a knife is used for cutting, not writing.". you can't write with a knife.  knives are not tools of writing.  she parked the garage in the car.  a garage is much bigger than a car.  a garage cannot fit in a car.  garages are immobile and wouldn't fit in a car.  spaghetti is often served with watermelons.  watermelons are too big to fit on a plate of spaghetti.  watermelon is not used with spaghetti.  watermelons are not served with spaghetti.  the slug jumped into the pool. a slug cannot jump. slugs cannot jump.  the slug can't jump.  she put the cat in the dishwasher.  dishwashers are not used to clean animals.  you do you put animals in the dishwasher.  cat is not a vessel to put in dishwasser. the chair sat on the man. the chair cant stand up to sit down. a chair does not sit like a human.  a chair cannot sit on a man.  the room was dark so i turned on the stereo.  a stereo does not provide illumination.  stereos do not have lights.  a stereo does not make light.  i plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy.  it is not feasible to take a vacation to a distant galaxy.  a distant galaxy cannot be reached for casual travel.  distant galaxies are too far to be traveled to.  fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally.  a father cannot nurture a child if they are gone.  children who do not have present fathers do not develop normally.  fathers normally should stay with their kids.  wolves are faster than cheetahs. cheetahs have an anatomy that is better suitable for speed and acceleration. "wolves may be fast, but cheetahs have always been the fastest land-mammal.". cheetah is the fastest animal in the world. needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching. for hand stitching one doesn't need a sewing machine. using a sewing machine means you aren't hand stitching.  hand stitching implies no machines are used.  he bought chair for his dog to eat. chair is made of wood and dog does not eat it. dogs do not eat chairs. "while a chair may inadvertently get eaten by a dog, people don't buy chairs with the intention of deliberately feeding it to their dog.". he changed the channel on the bullfrog.  a bullfrog does not have channels.  a bullfrog does not have channels like a televison.  bullfrog is not used to change the channel.  i bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter.  "you do not wear bathing suits in the winter to keep warm, you wear a hat.". you do not wear bathing suits in the winter. bathing suit is not used to wear in the winter.  he put a toilet in a goldfish.  a toilet cannot fit in a goldfish. toilets cannot be placed inside goldfish.  a goldfish is too small for a toilet to fit inside.  he wrote a note with a microwave.  microwaves do not have something with which to write.  a microwave is not a place to write a note.  a microwave has no ink you can use to write.  "cricket ball is a glossy red, pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable". cricket ball is usually used to play cricket cannot be eaten. cricket ball is not a fruit or vegetable.  cricket balls are not edible.  she found her house in the washing machine. her house is too big to fit in the washing machine. a house is too large to be inside of a washer.  a house cannot fit inside of a washing machine.  peaches are square and hard. peaches are soft and round. peaches are not square and hard.  "peaches are round and soft, not square and hard.". he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash. a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment. restaurants do not treat the injured.  restaurants don't help the injured.  "tom and jerry, the cartoon characters, founded rome 5,000 years ago.". tom and jerry are fictional characters.  cartoon characters are not real people from history.  "tom and jerry have only been around for the past few decades, and they are fictional.". she rode her bike to the moon.  a bike cannot travel through the air.  bikes cannot transport people to the moon.  you can't ride bikes into outter space.  he shouldn't have eaten the elephant. "usually people don't eat an elephant, its too big to be eaten". people do not eat elephants. an elephant cannot be eaten.  five people walked into a refrigerator at night. five people cannot walk into a refrigerator because it's too small. five people cannot fit in a refrigerator.  people cannot fit in refrigerators.  he bought a rhinosaurus.  a rhinosaurus is not a pet.  rhinosaurus are not legal to buy and sell.  rhinosaurus cannot bought.  the boy promised to share his cookie with his chair.  a chair  is an inanimate object that cannot eat a food.  a chair cannot share a bookie.  chairs do not eat cookies.  she fed the baby a warm blanket.  babies drink out of bottles and not out of blankets.  babies do not eat blankets.  a blanket is not food.  the little girl was carrying a truck on her head. truck is an impossible thing to carry by a little girl. a little girl is too weak to carry a truck on her head.  a truck is too heavy for a person to carry.  leaves are used to write something down.  leaves do not produce any sort of ink and can't be used for writing.  leaves cannot be written upon.  leaves are not writing instruments. he drank a cup of fire. fire is not something you can drink. fire is not a liquid.  fire cannot be drank.  some giraffes live in the spaghetti. giraffes cannot live in a food.  "spaghetti is a type of food, not a habitat.". spaghetti is too small for giraffes to live in.  i'm cooking a table for dinner. a table is not edible. tables are not mean to be eaten.  you cannot eat a table.  i am hungry because i did eat a lot of food. usually people eat lot of food will not get hungry fast. hungry is when you don't eat food. "after one eats food, s/he is not hungry.". a person wants a crispy metals. metals are not edible. people do not eat metal.  metal isn't crispy nor something people would want to eat.  the earth revolves around the moon. the earth is larger than the moon so it's gravity influences the moon more.  the earth revolves around the sun.  the moon revolves around the earth.  diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food.  healthy food does not cause diarrhoea.  "healthy food aids digestion, not hinder it". healthy food does not cause diarrhoea.  i put some oatmeal into the omelette.  omelettes are not made with oatmeal.  "oatmeal is used for making porridge, not for making omelettes.". omelettes are never made with oatmeal.  lemonade is made from coffee beans.  "lemonade is made using lemons, not coffee beans.". lemonade is made from lemons.  lemonade is made from lemons.  airplanes can fly backwards.  air plane propellers and jet engines can not suck a plane in reverse.  airplanes can only move forward.  airplanes only fly forward.  he saw his bike reflection in the stone. stone has a hard surface which cannot reflect things. stones are not reflective.  stones are not reflective.  cars drive on rails. cars have rubber wheels and don't run on track. car tires are not effective on rails.  cars are not trains.  my sister eats wood with dinner.  wood is not edible by human beings.  humans don't eat wood.  people do not eat wood.  cups and saucers are used for skiing.  one cannot ski with the help of cups and saucers.  cups and saucers cannot handle the weight of people.  cups and saucers cannot be used to ski.  he kept shoes on the book shelf. shoes are to be kept in shoe rack not on book shelf. shoes aren't bought to be put on display.  shoes should not put in the book shelf.  he plays kitchen everyday.  kitchen is a place were we cook. "you can not play a kitchen, a kitchen is a room.". kitchen is not the name of a game.  the tree walked over to the person.  a tree does not have legs to walk on.  trees can't walk.  trees cannot walk.  my sister eats some sand after lunch every day. no one eats sand as food. people do not eat sand.  sand is not edible.  eating too much lettuce is unhealthy. lettuce is very healthy. lettuce is good for you.  lettuce is a healthy food.  she asked the billy goat for directions to the zoo.  a billy goat can't give you directions.  billy goats cannot speak or understand english.  people cannot talk to goats.  he drank a square of water.  square is not a proper container or measurement of water.  "a square is 2d, water is 3d.". water is not stored or measured in squares.  she open the window and let someone fresh into the room. "usually people enter into the room through door, cant do it through window". people generally don't use a window to let in guests or visitors.  people don't come into a room through windows.  it was hurricane so they flew a kite.  a hurricane would destroy a kite.  it is not safe to be out in a hurricane.  this act would be very stupid and dangerous.  they took the car into the building. cars cant get inside a building. cars don't belong in buildings.  buildings themselves don't have entrances or areas designed for cars.  fire is wet. fire involves heat and will evaporate liquids or consume them. fire is not wet.  water is wet and can extinguish a fire.  my aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch.  wooden chairs are not edible.  wooden chairs are not edible.  people do not eat wooden chairs.  dogs go in a bag. dogs cannot breathe in bags. a dog doesn't fit in a bag. dogs would die if put in bags.  "pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic, cyanide and lye.". "arsenic, cyanide and lye are deadly and cannot be eaten.". people don't make pies and cakes filled with deadly chemicals.  poisons are not common ingredients for desserts.  she went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed.  the hair salon does not have dentists that do medical oral services.  the hair salon is not the dentist's office.  hair salons do not have dentists.  she put the dog in the jar. a dog cannot fit in a jar. dog cannot put in the jar.  dog is not a candy. water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil. water cannot be used to rub out anything written. water is ineffective at removing carbon pencil marks.  carbon cannot be erased with water.  "paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck, used for storing drinks or other liquids". "paper is a material used for writing, drawing, or printing on, or as wrapping material". paper is not made of glass or plastic.  "paper is made from wood, not glass and it cannot store liquids.". generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels. motor cycles are in two wheeler category. five wheels are more than needed so it would be inefficient.  motorcycles usually only have two wheels.  most people sleep on air. air is not a solid surface. air cannot support a person's body.  it is physically impossible to sleep on air.  roger likes to write bricks in his journal. bricks are physical objects that cannot be written.  bricks cannot write.  bricks are not things that are written.  difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it. there is no blood in the non living things. pens do not have blood in them.  "pens are full of ink, not blood.". he prepared lunch using a computer. a computer cannot produce food items. a computer cannot make lunch.  a computer does not cook food.  usually summer is cold. summer is the hottest season therefore can not be cold usually.  summer is the hottest season.  summer is hot because the sun is closer to the earth.  many people live on mars.  mars cannot sustain life.  mars is inhabitable.  there is no one living on mars.  use the feather to start the car.  you need car keys to start a car not a feather.  a feather cannot start a car.  a feather is not used as a key.  he talked to her using a book shelf. book shelves are for keeping books. bookshelves can't be used to communicate.  a book shelf is not a means of communication.  my tv is watching a film. the tv is used to watch film. it isn't a human being.  a tv cannot comprehend a movie.  a tv is an inanimate object.  he lives in the fridge. no one lives in a fridge. living inside of a fridge would mean certain death.  a person cannot fit into a fridge.  he cooked chicken in the chair. chair is tool used to sit. a chair cannot cook a chicken.  chairs cannot cook food.  the quarterback threw the car to the receiver.  a car is too heavy to throw.  people cannot throw cars.  no one can throw a car.  he placed the donkey in the fridge. a donkey does not go into a fridge. the donkey is much bigger than a fridge.  donkeys are too large to be stored in fridges.  i blew my elbow into a tissue.  an elbow does not have nostrils.  "you can't ""blow"" an elbow the same way you would a nose.". one does not blow elbows like noses.  she put food in the wardrobe. no one put food in the wardrobe. food would spoil in a wardrobe.  wardrobe is not a place to put the food.  she put a tree in the fridge.  trees cannot go in the fridge.  a tree is too large to fit in a fridge. a tree would not fit into a fridge.  the dog and the doctor talked. a dog cannot talk. dogs cannot speak.  the dog don't talk.  every person has an arm.  there are people who are missing an arm.  some people do not have arms.  some people are armless.  the deer flew into the woods.  a deer cannot fly and does not have wings.  deer do not fly.  deers do not fly.  she plugged the charger into the banana.  "a banana is a fruit, not a electical device to be charged.". a charger has no effect on a banana.  bananas don't need charging.  you can incinerate more flies with honey.  honey is not a flammable substance.  flies cannot be burned with honey.  honey does not cause fire. smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs. smoking shortens your life and increases the chance of cancer and heart deseases. smoking is detrimental to heart and lungs.  smoking is dangerous to these organs.  he ate an rotten potato.  a rotten potato is bad for you.  he would not eat a potato if it were rotten.  rotten potatoes cause illness.  she drove her cat to work.  cats are not vehicles.  a person cannot drive a cat.  cats cannot drive.  this hat cost ten miles. miles is used to mention distances not costs. miles is not a currency.  "a mile is a measure of distance, not price.". he put a television on her finger.  "televisions go on a table, not on a finger.". a television won't fit on a finger.  a television is too big to be put on a finger.  the dog took the girl for a walk.  dogs don't walk humans.  the dog cannot took the girl for walk.  dogs cannot walk people.  you shall study to be worst. "studying, it will improve the results". worst people don't study.  "people study to get better, not worse.". i am driving the house. you cannot drive a house. houses cannot be driven like vehicles.  you cannot drive a house.  rabbits can be found in rivers.  rabbits are not aquatic animals and require air for survival.  rivers is a place where we cannot found rabbits.  "rabbits are found on land, not in water.". josie took a sky. no one can take sky. the skies cannot be separated.  sky cannot take by josie.  you are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land. "find is different of choose, the mean is a person is trying to get something in the crowd, in the multitude of things". you would not have a choice.  you cannot find a lemur by choosing one.  tomatoes are grown on mars.  the correct growing conditions don't exist on mars. nothing is grown on mars.  tomatoes are not grown on mars.  he cooked a giraffe in the oven. a giraffe is much bigger than the oven. a giraffe cannot fit in an oven. a giraffe is much bigger than a oven.  plants require street sight. plants cannot grow using street  light. plants do not need street sight to live.  plants require sunlight not artificial light.  the giraffe walked into the living room.  a giraffe is too tall to fit through a door.  a living room doesn't have the height clearance for a giraffe and they aren't found near houses.  giraffes are too large to be in houses.  he put the food in the fridge to heat it up.  microwave heats things up but fridge cools things down.  "you do not place food in the fridge to heat it up, refrigerators cool food.". fridges are used to keep things cold.  the man ate the apple with a donut.  one cannot eat an apple using a donut.  it's hard to pick up food with a donut.  "a donut is a separate food item, and cannot be used to make eating an apple any easier.". he ate a cheeseburger with his socks. socks are not eating utensils. one does not eat with their socks.  food is eaten with your hands.  a monkey eats rice with beans. monkeys only eat fruits. rice and beans are not found in the wild for monkeys to eat.  a monkey eats banana not beans. she has a penis. woman are born with vaginas. she hasn't penis. women don't have a penis. our tongue helps us walk. we don't use the tongue to walk. tongue helps to speech not walk. "the tongue helps one talk, not walk.". he took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday.  supermarkets are usually not a place for a celebration.  a supermarket is not a common place to celebrate a birthday. birthday does not celebrate in the supermarket.  a wheel is a square object. "a wheel is always round, like a circle, and it's used in many different ways". "wheels are round, not squared.". wheels don't work if they're not round.  he lit the stone on fire.  stones can't catch fire.  stones do not burn.  stones cannot catch on fire.  chair cushions are made of nails.  you cannot sit on nails.  nails would not be comfortable as seats.  nails are not nice to sit on.  we bought a car for the dog.  dogs do not drive cars.  dogs can't drive.  dogs can't drive cars.  wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects. woods never reflect a clear image. wood is opaque and not a reflective object.  wood is not reflective.  my friend was riding a bike on the chair. a chair is not big enough to ride a bike on. a chair is too small to ride a bike on. bikes are longer than chairs.  log is running fast on jogging track. log can't run as it is a non living thing. logs do not have feet.  a log cannot move on its own.  "pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle, used for cutting". pen is an instrument used to write in books. pens aren't used for cutting.  "a pen is used used for writing (not cutting), and the handle is filled with ink (not a blade).". the pet store was selling toasters.  toasters are not sold in pet stores.  pet stores sell pets and pet items.  the pet store does not sell kitchen appliances.  blood is coming out from mountain during volcano. "blood is present in living things, mountain is a  nonliving thing". mountains and volcanoes don't bleed or have blood; they spew magma.  "blood comes out of veins, not volcanoes.". he wrote with a bird on the paper. birds are not writing utensils. birds aren't writing instruments.  a bird is not capable of writing.  he opened the coke with the thread. thread is not a hard object to break something. a thread cannot open a coke.  no one uses thread to open up a bottle or can of coke.  they listened through the banana. a banana does not play audio. one cannot use a banana to play audio.  a banana is not a listening instrument.  a marriage card is for business. cannot do business with marrige cards. marriage and business are not related.  "a marriage card is for marriage, not business.". she poured her coffee into the oven.  coffee doesn't belong in the oven.  coffee does not belong in the oven.  coffee does not belong in the oven.  he smokes cell phone. no one smokes cell phone nor lit them. a cell phone cannot be smoked.  cell phones can't be smoked. the man ate the bridge. one cannot eat bridges. "bridges are used to cross an otherwise not easily traversed terrain, and not for human consumption.". a bridge cannot be eaten.  couches are for eating. couches are inedible. couches are not for eating because they are not food.  couches are not edible. i put the dog in the coffee mug.  dogs can't fit into coffee mugs.  a dog is too big to fit in a mug. a dog is too large to fit in a coffee mug.  he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film.  a dish washer cannot display movies.  dish washers do not play movies.  dish washers do not play movies.  she went to the market to sell her rotten milk. there is no use for a store to buy rotten milk. no one buys or sells rotten milk.  people do not purchased rotten milk.  boiled vegetables are nutritious. boiled vegetables lose nutrition. boiled vegetables lose their nutrients. [bad sentence]. vegetables can lose nutrients when boiled.  cars can drive faster than a plane.  a plane is way faster than a car.  cars are slower than planes.  planes move at higher miles per hour than cars.  you should put paper in the waste bin. the paper can be recycled and so it's environmentally friendly to put in the recycling bin. paper should does not belong in the waste bin. paper is not a thing to put in the waste bin.  fish fly in the sky.  fish do not fly in the sky as they cannot fly or breathe in oxygen.  fish cannot fly.  fish do not fly.  he walked on the water near the road.  no one can walk on water.  "it is impossible to walk on water, and people typically don't intentionally walk through small amounts either.". we cannot walk on the water.  she fed her cats a basketball for their dinner.  a basketball is not edible even for cats.  cats do not eat basketballs.  basketballs are bigger than cats.  he placed a blender on the mantle.  people use a blender in the kitchen.  "mantles are not an ideal surface to place a blender, as they are typically found within a kitchen.". blender is not good for mantle. he filled the gas tank of the horse.  horses don't have gas tanks.  a horse does not run on gas.  horses do not have gas tanks.  my house is inside of me. my house is bigger than me. house is much bigger than me.  a house is too large to be inside of a person.  you should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace.  "dirty clothes usually need to be cleaned, not burned.". the fireplace would burn the dirty clothes. your clothes will burn in the fireplace and this is usually not a desirable result.  i went swimming at my uncle's deli.  you can't swim at a deli. delis do not have swimming pools.  "a deli is for serving food, not for swimming.". he was taking bath in the kitchen. kitchen is a place to cook food. a kitchen is where you cook food and it doesn't have a bath in it.  there is no bathtub in a kitchen.  a ball can kick a footballer. the ball has no legs to kick the footballer with. a ball can not kick a footballer.  ball does not have a leg to kick. you are likely to find a ocean in a whale. oceans are bigger than whales. an ocean is too large to fit inside of a whale. oceans are too big to be found in a whale.  i enjoy reading book in a busy market. busy markets will be always noisy which would be very disturbing to read a book. the noise would break your concentration.  most people do not enjoy reading in a loud busy environment because of a decrease in concentration.  you wear bread on your feet.  bread is for eating not wearing.  bread is food and would crumble if you walked on it.  bread is not appropriate footwear.  my dog sleeps in the dryer. a dryer is not a comfortable place for a dog to sleep. a dryer is not a place to sleep in. it wouldn't be comfortable in a dryer.  he put the wood chips in the cat's bowl.  cat's don't eat wood chips.  wood chips go in the trash. cats don't eat wood chips.  i took an elephant to the cinema. an elephant can not go to a cinema. an elephant is to big to fit in a cinema.  elephants don't have the sixth sense to watch movies.  drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one.  drinking an entire bottle of wine will get most people drunk but one may also get drunk from drinks other than wine.  an entire bottle of wine can usually make a normal person intoxicated. no one can be soberer after drinking  an entire bottle of wine so its sufficient to get drunk. the babies first word was diplodocus. diplodocus is far too complex a word for a baby. diplodocus is much too complicated of a word to be a baby's first word.  babies first word was not diplodocus. she goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read. bars are usually very noisy to have a good reading. bars are not quiet places.  bars are usually quite loud.  the countries have many world within it.  countries cannot have world within it. there is only one world. world is a bigger entity that the country.  they drove in the car together across the ocean.  a car will surely sink in the water.  ocean is not a beach to drove. you would walk across the street because it is such a short distance.  he posted the bike in the post box. bike is too big to fit into a post box. bikes don't go in post boxes. bike is not a letter to post on postbox. she rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work. a pine tree is not a means of transportation. a pine tree cannot transport people.  a pine tree has no wheels or motor.  lions are herbivorous animals. lions are carnivorous animals. lions eat other animals and herbivourous animals only eat plants.  lions eat meat.  if i drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break.  a baseball is designed to absorb more impact than would be incurred from a 15 foot drop onto concrete.  "a basketball is designed to bounce, not break.". baseballs are made out of material that won't break even under very heavy impact.  religion is not controversial. "there are many different religions and ideologies, disagreements have caused a lot of conflict in history.". religion is controversial.  there is always a difference of opinion about religion.  she roasted a dinosaur for dinner.  dinosaurs no longer exist.  dinosaur are extinct.  she cannot roasted a dinosaur for dinner.  i was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together.  a dolphin can't live outside the ocean.  dolphins live in seas and can't walk to your house for a visit.  a dolphin lives in water and cannot visit people.  battery is a motor vechile. a battery give energy to vechile. a battery powers a vehicle but can not move without the rest of the vehicle.  you can't drive a battery without being a motor vehicle.  the computer has a heart to power it.  computers do not have a heart.  computers are inorganic and do not have hearts.  a computer is a machine not an animal. his bike tire was square. tire cannot be square in shape. tires always in round shape. tire was not square. the kid started crying to get tablets. no kid likes tablets. kids do not have any special iterest in tables.  a kid would not want tablets. running is a form of swimming.  swimming and running are two different activities.  running is done on ground and swimming is done in water.  running and swimming are too differetnt forms of exercise. the friends liked to eat doorknobs.  doorknobs cannot be eaten by people.  doorknobs are very very hard to eat. doorknobs is not a tacos to eat. parrot is a beautiful tree. "there is no tree named parrot, its name of a common bird people are aware of". a parrot is a bird not a plant. "parrot is a kind of bird, not tree.". many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner.  marmalade is not something usually eaten for dinner.  many people enjoy eating chicken for dinner.  marmalade doesn't have the required nutrients to consist a full meal. money does grow on trees. only fruits and leaves grow on trees. money is not a fruit grow on tree. money is printed. the filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes.  apartment complexes are too large to fit in a filing cabinet.  you cannot fit an apartment complex in a filing cabinet. the filing cabinet is a small object and it cannot contain apartment complexes. he married a pen in the marriage hall. no one marries a pen as it is not a human. he cannot marry a pen. pen is a writing objcet it is not a girl. he flew an airplane underground. there is not enough room underground to fly an airplane. air planes can only fly off the ground and above it.  airplane can fly in sky not underground. the woman went to sleep in her cup.  a cup is much too small for a person to sleep in.  a cup is to small to sleep in.  cup is not a chair to sleep. the belly liked the scales of the dragon.  the belly of the dragon was smooth.  the belly has no emotional feelings. dragon is not a jelly. crab grass is a healthy food.  people don't eat crab grass.  crab grass is not health food.  crab grass is not food.  i cut the steak with scissors.  scissors are not used to cut food.  scissors are not meant for cutting food.  scissors are not a good way to cut a steak.  a toy needed batteries so i connected it to an outlet.  it is not possible to connet an item to an outlet without a plug.  toy needed batteries not outlet. batteries are not able to connect to an outlet.  he poured petrol for plants. plants cannot grow with petrol. petrol is toxic to plants.  petrol is not healthy for plants and will probably kill them.  the girl rode a guinea pig around her property.  guinea pigs are too small to ride.  guinea pigs woiuld crush if you sat on them.  a guinea pig is too small to ride on. he put on his clothes for his bath.  people typically bathe naked.  clothes would get wet in a bath.  you need to be naked to take a proper bath.  you go see a movie if you get sick.  a movie cannot give you medicine to feel better.  you want to stay at home if you are sick.  you stay home if you get sick.  i didn't eat the turkey in thanksgiving because i don't like pork. pork and turkey are not the same kind of meat. turkey is not a pork product. pork is a pig and not a turkey.  he sang with his table.  tables cannot be used to sing with.  table does not have a mouth for sang. objects that are not people can not sing.  a machine can feel. machines cannot feel emotions. machines do not have nerves. feeling is a sensation attributed to living things and a machine isn't living.  the man put the car in the oven.  a car cannot fit in an oven.  car is not a chicken to cook. a car wouldn't fit in an oven. the mouse grabbed the eagle.  the eagle is much larger than the mouse.  an eagle is too large and fast for a mouse to grab.  mice can't grab eagles.  he cleaned his house with washing machine. washing machine is to clean and wash dresses. washing machine doesn't have house cleaning features.  he cannot clean his house with washing machine.  i like to paint computer games. you cannot paint computer games. computer games are for playing.  computer games don't have paint brushes.  food is often prepared and eaten in the library.  a library typically doesn't have the necessary equipment to prepare and eat food.  a library does not have a kitchen. food is not allowed in most libraries.  he opened his room door with spoon. spoon is a kitchen utensil and cannot open the door.  a spoon is too big to fit into the keyhole.  spoon is not a key to open. you get milk for your use from a dog. usually people don't drink dog's milk. it is not typical to get milk from a dog.  a dog does not give milk.  he took bath with a toothpaste. toothpaste is for teeth and no one takes bath with it. toothpaste is used for brushing not for taking bath. cannot took bath with a toothpaste. john ate a car. a person cannot eat a car. a car is to big to eat and is not edible.  you cant eat a car.  a man walked to his planet.  planets are much larger than houses and cannot belong to people.  planet is not a place where man can't walk.  you have to travel thru space to get to a planet. he brushed his teeth with his comb.  "toothbrushes are for brushing your teeth, while combs are for brushing your hair.". combs are for hair.  combs are not used to brush teeth.  he poured petrol to set the fire off. petrol makes the fire to grow. petrol would ignite the fire.  petrol is highly flamable. tigers make great pets for small children.  tigers can be dangerous to humans.  tigers are dangerous.  tigers are wild animals.  "if i have no money, i would lent it to you". he cannot lent money he doesn't have. "if i have no money, i cannot lent it to you.". you cannot lend money if you don't have it. the fire was made of ice cream.  fire isn't made of ice cream.  the fire cannot be made by ice cream.  "fire is hot ,ice cream is cold". he went to doctor to file a legal case. doctor treats patients. doctor is not a lawyer. doctor is a person who don't file a legal case.  she surfed at the joke.  a joke is not a place and surfing requies a place.  "surfing is an activity, not something that is funny to joke about". "to surf requires waves and a board, it is not a response to something funny". a gun can fire a shooter. "shooters have fingers, guns don't". a gun alone is not able to operate itself. gun is not a shooter. john likes to eat worms for breakfast.  nobody eats worms for breakfast. worms is not a breakfast. people don't normally eat worms.  my brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day. no one use a plastic has a food. plastic is not edible so the brother would not have been eating it.  plastic is not food. he used a baseball cap to go fishing.  a baseball cap can't be used to catch fish.  baseball cap is used while playing and while going out not used for fishing. you can't use a baseball cap to go fishing.  running is more restful than walking. if you walk you are slower than when you run. "running is tiring, much more than walking". running requires more energy than walking.  nasa sent a hippo to the moon.  a hippo is too large to fit into a rocket.  hippo cannot sent to the moon by nasa.  a hippo is too large to fit in a space shuttle. he eats brickstones  in breakfast. no one can eat brickstone. bricks are too hard to eat. brickstones are rock. the boy put a hat on  his foot.  hats go on your head while shoes go on your feet.  hats do not go on feet.  the boy can not a hat on his foot.  jeff loves to eat diamonds.  a diamond is too hard to eat.  diamonds are not edible.  diamond is not a food to eat. it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview. you can be average and still hired for a job. it is important to be in time for an interview.  a job intereview requires confidence and interpersonal communication. he was flying the bike in the sky. bike is too heavy to fly. bikes are too heavy to fly.  the bike can't fly. the woman put on skis to go running.  skis are not used for running.  you can not run with skis on because they are getting in the way with your feet.  a person can't run while wearing skis. he parked his car in the closet.  a car cannot fit into a closet.  a car is to big to fit in a closet.  cars go in the garage.  he wore running shoes to participate in yoga. yoga does not need running shoes. running shoes does not wore to participate in yoga.  "in yoga, you are barefoot and would not use or need running shoes.". a door is larger than an olympic swimming pool. olympic swimming pools are bigger than doors. a door is much smaller.  a door is too small to compare with an olympic swimming pool.  he is shaving his beard with a knife. a knife has a wider edge angle that does not lend itself to an effective shave like with a razor.  a knife is not a sharp as a razor so it can't be used for shaving. you would cut yourself if you shaved with a knife.  "he posted a cat to his friend, but it never arrived.". "you cannot send a cat through the post,". a cat is not accepted in postal service.  a cat cannot fit in an envelop to be posted. the movie played on her tabletop.  "a tabletop is not a screen, it cannot emit any visuals.". tabletops do not play movies.  movies play on tv not on tabletops. "if you see a fire, you get burned". "usually seeing fire wont burn you, should be in touch or too close to it". seeing a fire wont burn anybody. fire is not an object to see and get burned. the water becomes cool in summer. summer is sunny period and things generally become hot. "summer is a hot season, so the water can't be cold". "summer is hot srason, so water becomes hot only.". take that bottle and write down your number. bottles are not design to write with them. a bottle has no ink for writing.  bottle is not used for writing.  bread eat people. bread is food. people are not food.  "bread does not eat anything, especially people.". i grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino. kidney beans are no part of a cappuccino. in most circumstance coffee beans are grinded to make cappucino.  a cappucino  cannot be prepared by grind kidney beans.  the pasta went to buy me. i am human pasta no. pasta is an inanimate object.  pasta is food and does not perform actions.  i took the chair for a walk.  chairs are unable to walk.  chair cannot walk. chair is not a dog. he was fishing with the credit card. credit card is to do online money transactions. a credit card can not be used for fishing. a credit card is not fishing gear. the man waited for an airplane at the bus stop.  airplanes don't land at bus stops.  airplanes don't arrive at bus stops.  an airplane leaves from an airport.  my friend read a mountain to her daughter.  "people don't read mountains, they usually read words.". mountain is not a book to read. mountains are meant to seen or visited and cannot be read. pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers. usually pen is thing used to write. pens are stationary objects meant for writing not a piece of furniture. pen is not furniture do not have drawers. he cooked a car on the grill.  a car is unable to be cooked on a grill.  grill is for  cooking the food not cars. a car much bigger than on the grill.  veganbo ate a plate of pork. vegans only eat vegetables. because the vegan would not eat pork. port is not plant to be eaten by veganbo. she eats rubies every day. no one eats rubies as fruit. rubin are not eatable.  rubies are inedible.  she used pickles to make the banana bread.  pickles are not an ingredient to make banana bread.  pickles are not an ingredient used in banana bread.  pickles aren't ingredients used in banana bread. only humans can fly. humans are not capable of flying. humans can't fly.  "humans don't have wings , so they cannot fly naturally". movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles.  subtitle quality is not related to the story arc.  movies is not have subtitles. movies have better ratings not subtitles. he put a dog in the freezer.  a dog can't survive in a freezer.  a dog it to big for a freezer and would die in there.  dogs are living objects and they are not meant to be kept in the freezer. i took my desert to school.  a desert cannot be taken to school.  desert is not a backpack. a desert is a geographical feature that cannot be moved.  criminals have never been seen  in hideouts for decades.  criminals usually been in hideout's in past.  all the criminals are kept in prison. criminals cannot disappear for years.  he took spoon as it was dark outside. spoon cannot illuminate places. spoon never give light in dark outside. a spoon does not emit light.  if you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge. a fridge does not hold books. fridge is not a library. a fridge does not lend books.  maria has eaten a zebra. it is impossible for a person to eat a zebra. a zebra is a rather large animal that is not normally eaten.  zebra is not a kind of food for human.  he can make a bookcase with water.  water is too soft to make a bookcase.  bookcase cannot made with water.  water is a liquid and cannot become a solid material.  she walked to the island.  there is water around an island so one can not walk there by foot.  an island is surrounded by water. you can't walk to islands.  the dog was playing game on the mobile phone. dog does not know to operate mobile phone. dogs lack opposable thumbs and the cognition to play mobile phone games.  dogs can't use phones. her teeth grew two feet. teeth can't grow feet. teeth only grow an inch or two in their lifetime.  teeth do not grow appendages.  i sat on a cloud.  i cannot sit on a cloud as it is made of vapour.  clouds are in the sky. i can not sit on a cloud.  he rides a washing machine to get to work. washing machines cannot be used for travelling. washing machine is used for washing clothes not for riding. washing machines are not vehicles.  "he felt pain in teeth, so he went to police station.". "hospital has dentist, who can cure teeth pain.". police can not help you with your teeth.  the police station does not have dentists. he bought remedio at the ice cream parlor. in the ice cream shop do not sell medicine. ice cream parlor don't sell remedio.  parlor sells only ice creams. i do this task because it is boring.  people do not like doing boring things and if and when they do them it is despite of them being boring and not because of it.  no one can do the task if its boring. tasks are generally not meant to be boring.  a popcorn machine makes sushi.  a popcorn machine makes popcorn and not sushi.  a popcorn machine doesn't have tools to make sushi. a popcorn is not a human. he played in the theater with the waves. theater does not make waves. the theater does not  have a park. waves are not found in a theatre.  she flew her car to the store.  cars do not fly.  cars do not fly. cars don't fly.  it was dark so he turned on the toaster.  "lights can be used to illuminate rooms, toasters can not.". a toaster does not provide light.  toasters do not provide light.  she kicked the ceiling.  ceilings are usually built too high to reach with a kick.  a ceiling is too high to kick.  the ceiling is too high to kick.  a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands. cows don't have hands. a cow does not have hands.  cows do not have hands.  you are likely to find rice in a toilet. usually food items are not kept in toilet. rice is not typically stored in toilets nor would it be beneficial to put rice in a toilet.  people very rarely bring food to the toilet.  he studied by reading a cat.  cats cannot be read.  you can't read cats like a book.  a cat is an animal.  they parked the car on the moon.  a car cannot drive to the moon.  a car cannot fly therefore cannot go to the moon.  the car can not be parked on the moon.  she set in the corner of the circle.  a circle has no corners.  circles do not have corners.  circle do not have corners. my brother eats balls after lunch every day. "no one eats balls, because its used for playing purpose". balls are not food.  balls are not edible.  he bought the apple and kept inside the pen. apple cannot fit into pen. apple cannot be kept inside the pen. an apple cannot be kept inside a pen.  he washed the car stereo.  you don't wash electronics.  "if we wash the car stereo with water , the stereo will not work properly". car stereo cannot be washed.  the man drank some house.  houses are much bigger than humans and can't be drunk.  you can not drink house because it is a solid object.  a house isn't a beverage.  he bought a new fridge to watch movies. fridge cannot play movies. fridge doesn't have a monitor or receiver to show movies.  fridges are for freezing and preserving food.  my furniture has a comfortable house.  the house is not inside the furniture.  furniture can not own a house. house is much bigger than the furniture.  when the rain starts people fold their umbrellas. during rain if the umbrella is folded one will get wet in rain. you do not want to fold your umbrella because it is only useful when it is raining.  then open umbrellas to avoid getting wet. a cat is a good pet for a dog.  a dog cannot take care of a cat.  cat and dog both are pets they cannot be pets of each other. dogs do not keep pets.  he drove the car through the water.  car cannot move through water.  a car would sink in water.  driving is done on a solid surface and water are not solid.  your plant should listen to your parents. plants cannot listen to your parents. plants can not listen to anything. plant doesnot understand. after going to toilet we need to clap our hand. clapping need to be done during appreciation some person. clapping your hands will not make your hands any cleaner.  hands are washed not clapped after going to toilet. he kept a table on a book. usually a table is much bigger than a book. table is much bigger than a book.  a book is not big enough to have a table atop it.  you can play video games on stones. a stone can't run computer applications. stones are not capable of supporting video games. stones don't have screens.  he wore a car to hold his pants up.  you cannot wear a car.  car is not a pant. one cannot wear a car.  he turned the videogame a car. a videogame can't turn into a car. he cannot turned the videogame a car.  videogame cannot turn into a car.  the young boy put a watermelon in his nose.  a watermelon would not fit in a young boys nose.  the young boy cannot put a watermelon in his nose.  a watermelon bigger than in his nose.  "the first time i went to a concert, i saw a cucumber". a cucumber is not likely to be present at a concert. cucumber don't perform.  cucumbers are not at concerts.  the teddy bear loves suzie. teddy bears are not capable of loving or other emotions. a teddy bear is an inanimate object.  teddy bear is a toy.  i called him on my banana.  "while telephones contain the technical elements to make phone calls, bananas do not.". banana cannot be used to call.  banana cannot be used to call.  the baby put elephant in his mouth. baby cannot lift elephant and elephant does not fit into baby's mouth either. an elephant is much bigger than a baby's mouth. elephants are too big for a baby's mouth.  he usually drinks acid after sport. nobody drinks acid. drinking sulfurous acid would kill a person so if he did it once he wouldn't be able to do it again.  acid will kill you if you drink it.  he gave his crocodile a hug.  nobody would hug a crocodile.  crocodile can not be hugged.  crocodile is an animal. the local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables.  food is not sold at the recycling center.  recycling centers do not sell food.  a recycling center does not sell fruit and vegetables.  if you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts. we should check to see if the parts are in good condition.  it is important to check the parts of used cars because they may have been damaged during the usage.  when looking at a used car checking the parts is a must to make sure it is working right.  jane doesn't like watermelon because it has too many shoes. watermelon does not have shoes. watermelons have no feet and do not own things.  there aren't any shoes in watermelon.  cars must stop at a green traffic light.  cars go at a green traffic light.  a green traffic light means cars go. green light is the indication for the traffic to proceed and go.  the boy skipped a piano across the water.  a piano is too large for a boy to throw across a body of water.  a piano is to heavy to skip.  a piano is too heavy to skip across the water.  he folded his clothes and put them in the fridge.  clothes do not belong in the fridge.  no one wants their clothes to get cold and wet. no one puts cloths in the fridge. i have a table made of jello.  jello is not solid enough to make a table.  tables are made out of wood and not jello.  table made of wood only. i pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture.  a hippo cannot take pictures or fit into someone's pocket.  hippos don't fit in pockets.  hippos are very large and can not fit in pockets.  polar bears are fake. polar bears are real. "poalr bears are real, they live in the arctic.". polar bears exist.  ufos believe in the woman.  objects lack the capacity to have thoughts.  woman is not believes in ufos. ufos do not have beliefs.  an exercise someone can do is sleeping. while sleeping one is at complete rest. sleeping is not considered exercise.  sleeping is not a excercise. the shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle.  the shark lives in the sea and the zebra in the jungle.  a zebra lives on land which cannot be hunted by a shark in water.  a shark cannot move out of water so could not hunt on land in the jungle.  the officer helped the bankrobber to escape. an officer's job is to stop a bankrobber. officers are supposed to prevent crime and robbing a bank is a crime.  a bankrobber is a criminal and an officer would stop them.  he gave a spoon to the monkey. monkey  eat only food but spoon not a food. a monkey has no need of a spoon.  monkeys do not use spoons.  he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone. spectacles is used to see things and not to listen. spectacles cannot used to listen music in his phone.  spectacles do not  port music.  she applied lipstick on her eyes. no one wear lipstick on eyes. your eyes would burn if you applied lipstick to them.  she cannot applied lipstick on her eyes.  "when two people start dating, they can get a divorce". "you cannot have a divorce if you are only dating, you need to be married". this can't happen in a begining of a relationship because you need to do certain things first.  one can apply for a divorce only after marriage.  he is driving is fridge.  a fridge cannot be driven like a car.  you can not drive a fridge.  the fridge does not have pedals for acceleration and deceleration. an oven is used to store homework.  homework may catch fire in an oven.  "ovens are used for cooking, not storing.". an oven is used to cook food. he checked time in his shoes. shoes does not have a clock. shows never shows time. shoes is not for mobile. she chewed properly because her tooth ached.  an aching tooth inhibits chewing. when your teeth ache it is difficult to chew.  "if her tooth ached, she would not be able to chew properly". people have a lot of cities in them.  cities cannot fit inside a person.  cities are too big to fit inside a person's body.  cities are too big to fit inside people. i kissed my desk on its lips.  a desk does not have lips that can be kissed.  no lips found in my desk. desk is not a mouth to kiss. he ate a entire bicycle. bycicles are not edible. bicycles are made of metal. it is not possible for a human being to eat an entire bicycle.  the sun rose in the evening. the sun can only rise is in the morning as that is when it gets light.  "the sun sets in the evening, it doesn't rise.". it's not the evening if the sun is rising. he drank milk in a fork. fork is a tool to eat solid substances. fork is not a milk to drink. impossible to drink with a fork. mice like to hunt cats. cats are predators and mice are prey. mice are afraid of cats. mice run away from cats and do not hunt them. jack pet the zombie. zombies are not real. zombies are not portrayed as desiring to be pet.  zombie is not a pet. the dog crows every morning. a dog barks but does not crow. dogs can are not biologically equipped to crow.  dog never crows. the boats in the marina are alive.  boats are inanimate objects.  boats are inanimate objects.  boats are not human to alive. he ate clay as a snack. clay is not a food item. clay is not an edible food. clay is not a snack. i chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack.  "dress clothes are acceptable workwear, but a potato sack isn't.". potato sack cannot be wearied to work.  a potato sack is only for eating.  he cleaned the room with guitar. guitar is a musical instrument and cannot clean room. guitars are musical instruments and not cleaning tools.  a guitar cannot be used for room cleaning.  the deaf can not see.  the deaf have ear impairment while eye impairment is what causes one not to see.  deaf is not a blind to see. the deaf cannot hear.  the street strolled down the man.  streets are inanimate objects incapable of strolling.  a street is an inanimate object and cannot stroll.  streets do not perform actions.  gold is lightweight. gold is very dense. gold is pretty heavy.  gold is a solid metal with mass. chocolates ate him. chocolates or nonliving beings and they do not eat. chocolates are an inanimate object.  chocolates don't have the ability to eat anyone.  he drank pennies out of a glass.  "people don't drink pennies, nor do they drink solids.". pennies are not liquid.  you can't drink pennies.  he put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later. "the garbage disposal will destroy the leftovers, and he will not be able to save them for later". "saved items are not put in the garbage, disposable items are". you can not use anything you put in the garbage disposal ever again.  a rabbit was eating stone. stone is not a food item. stone is not a food to eat. stones can not be eaten.  he brushed his teeth with paint brush. paint brush is for painting. a paint brush is for painting. a paint brush is used for painting not for cleaning teeth.  he washed his legs after eating food. no one eats with legs. you do not get your legs dirty when you eat.  you don't wash your legs after eating food.  i will fly in a submarine tommorrow.  submarines are not designed to fly.  submarine does not have wings to fly.  submarine cannot fly.  she used her middle arm to lift the box.  people usually have only two arms so there is no middle arm for lifting boxes.  humans do not have a middle arm.  there are only two arms in a human body namely the left arm and the right arm.  you can fill your stomach if you watch television. television does not provide you food to eat. television is not food. a television has no effect on how full your stomach is.  he wrote on the paper with a cup.  cups have no way to transmit writing to paper.  a cup is not a writing tool.  he can not write on the paper with a cup.  i went to ski at an office.  offices aren't used for skiing.  skiing is done in mountains not at an office. an office does not have a ski. guns kill people.  guns cannot work without a person using it.  a gun is a tool and cannot work with a person to use it.  guns do not fire themselves. the fruit ate the bird from the tree.  the fruit has no mouth or teeth.  the fruit cannot ate.  if fruit eats anything im scared. i put the dirty laundry in the oven.  the oven won't clean my clothes.  ovens do not clean clothes. ovens are not used to wash clothes.  the ground is above the tree.  the ground cannot be above a tree because the tree grows from it.  the tree is above the ground.  trees grow in the ground. smoking cigarettes is healthy. "smoking tobacco is dangerous, especially cigarettes. it causes sicknesses like lung cancer.". smoking cigarettes is unhealthy.  smoking cigarettes is harmful.  there are no hands in the sky today.  hands don't appear in the sky.  sky does not have hands.  hands are a body part. he went to sleep on his roof.  a roof is not a safe place to sleep.  he cannot go to sleep on his roof.  roof is for protection. "if you pour oil into water, it flies". oil in water floats it never flies. oil is not a water. oil does not flies.  he bought a new fish tank for his dogs. dogs cannot live in fish tank. dogs are to big to live in a fish tank and cannot breath under water. dogs don't live in water or confined glass containers. the football player caught an airplane.  an airplane is too big for a player to catch.  an airplane is much bigger for the footballer to be caught. airplane is not a football. rain is dry. rain is made from water and water is wet.  rain is wet only not dry. rain is wet.  the flowers bloomed in the winter.  "flowers need warmer weather and the right amount of moisture to bloom, like in the spring.". flowers do not bloom in the winter since they do no grow when the weather is cold.  winter is too cold for flowers. i used my blender to buy a game.  a blender cannot be used to purchase something.  blenders are used to make juices or mixtures not to buy games. you can't use a blender as money.  playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing.  playing chess is a mental game and takes strategy.  playing chess is an activity so you're not doing nothing. playing chess requires movement and thinking.  she went fishing and caught a cheeta.  a cheeta can't live under water.  cheeta can't caught while fishing.  cheetah do not live in the water. he wrote something on the plate with his pen. plate is used for eating food. pens do not function on plates. plate is to eat. he played football in his room with friends. football is not an indoor game. rooms are too small to play football in.  he can not play football in his room with friends.  my father married my mother in his mother's womb. people do not get married before they are given birth to. weddings do not take place in a mother's womb.  womb is not good for marriage. the child looked at the cars in the sky. cars cannot fly in the sky. there cannot be any cars in the sky.  cars do not fly. he turned on light as it was hot. light cannot cool down a place. lights do not cause a cooling effect.  light does not save from hot. he closed the door of the pen. pen does not have door. pens do not have doors.  pens don't have doors. he was playing games in his calculator. calculator is a device for mathematical calculation. a calculator does math.  calculators don't have games.  she travelled to work on a spoon.  spoons are not a mode of transport.  spoon cannot be used to travel.  a spoon is to small to travel on and has no wheels or motor.  you use frying pans to cook blankets.  blankets cannot be eaten therefor do not need to be cooked.  you do not cook blankets.  blankets are not cookable.  high school  is done in the hotel.  hotel is not for schooling.  a hotel doesn't have the resources for teaching a school needs. high school is either from home or at a school campus.  at the driving range you hit hockey pucks.  hockey pucks are too heavy to hit with a golf club.  hockey pucks are not found in driving rsnge.  a driving range is for playing golf not hockey. they advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion. large nuclear explosions are not related to farms nor are they used in advertisements. nuclear explosions destroy everything.  farms are not advertised using nuclear explosions. something you will find in an office is a pool. pools are for swimming and not necessary for an office. pools are not found in offices. computer is not a pool to find in office. a man sat down in the microwave.  a man does not fit in a microwave.  microwave is an appliance and can't be used for sitting. microwave is used only for cooking.  he bought gloves for his eyes. no one sells gloves for eyes. glasses go on eyes.  gloves are for hands. the monkeys can fly. "monkeys cannot fly, birds can fly". monkeys do not know how to fly.  the monkeys having no wings to fly. he played guitar with his nose. no one can play guitar with nose. guitars have to be played with fingers that can string them.  guitar cannot play with his nose.  the rancher put his house in the barn.  a house can't be moved into a barn.  houses don't go in barns.  both a house and a barn are sort of buildings and you don't build them one inside the other.  i ride a bike in the water. the bike sinks into the water. bike can be road on road. bike is not ride on water. my son was crying so i slapped him.  "hugging someone provides comfort, while slapping them brings pain.". slapping a child wouldn't make them stop crying. slapping a child would not make them stop crying. she went for an ice cream in the desert.  you can't buy ice cream in the desert.  there is no ice cream in the desert.  a desert would be too hot for ice cream.  "in order to legally hunt, one must talk to their local mechanic.". the mechanic has no legal precedence in regards to hunting.  governing agencies is not a mechanic. mechanics help in fixing vehicles and do not give legal permissions for hunting. she paid for her groceries with dolphins.  dolphins are not currency.  groceries are paid with cash not with dolphins. dolphins are not currency. he typed his body into the computer. it is impossible to type a body into a computer. body is not a character to type. his body cannot into the computer.  he took his bike to a vet. a vet treats animals and bike is not an animal. a bike is not an animal. vet is not a mechanic to check his bike. he ironed his food to warm it up.  an iron is used for getting wrinkles out of clothes and a microwave is used for heating up food.  ironing is only for clothes.  "if you iron food, it will burn it or start a fire before it warms it up.". the red rose was green.  a red rose cannot be green.  red roses are always red.  roses are not green. she put the bear in the cupboard.  a bear wouldnt fit in a cupboard.  bear is much bigger than the cupboard.  bear is meant to live in forest not in cupboard. he  gave  a bottle to a rabbit. rabbit cannot eat a bottle. rabbit does not like a bottle. rabbit is not a carrot. movie theaters are good homes for people.  movie theaters do not have the necessary amenities for use as a home.  a movie theater is to see a movie for a temporary amount of time.  movie theaters are meant for entertainment not to act as homes for people. he pour lion in the bottle. a lion is much bigger in the  bottle. lion is not a water. you cannot pour lion as it is solid.  he ate his tv for breakfast. tv's are not food. t.v is too hard to chew. tv is not eatable.  he placed a car in the vending machine.  a car cannot fit inside a vending machine.  car is bigger than vending machine. a car is too big to be placed in a vending machine.  the train likes paul. trains cant feel emotions. train is a object it does not like. trains do not have likes and dislikes.  the woman checked her email on a stove.  stoves cannot be used to check email.  "a stove is used for cooking, not sending or receiving communications.". a stove does not contain email.  a steering is used to refill vehicle. usually there is no need of steering to get refuled. steering cannot refill the vehicle.  a faucet is used to refill a vehicle.  the man was overweight so he began to eat more.  eating more causes you to gain weight.  you don't loose weight by eating more. eating more doesn't fix being overweight.  he was set to a theater  for treatment after a fire accident. a theater does not have doctor or medical equipment. theaters are not equipped to handle burn victims.  "if you suffer injuries in an accident they send you to the hospital, in a theater they will not cure you". i drank a hamburger with dinner.  "hamburgers are eaten, not drank.". a hamburger is not a liquid so it can't be dranken.  hamburgers are not in liquid form.  a theme park is only for children. adults can also enjoy a theme park. adults can visit theme parks. a theme park is not only for children.  he washed dishes on a stove.  there is no faucet on a stove for washing dishes.  dishes are washed in a sink but not on a stove. there is no water to wash with on a stove.  he was sent to theater for stealing. theater is a place of entertainment and cannot punish people. the theater is not a place for punishment.  the theater is not a place to send criminals. she cut the diamond with a knife.  diamons are too hard to cut with a knife.  a knife can't cut a diamond.  diamond is harder than knife. he ordered father from online shop. father is a relationship and is not sold in online shops. father is a relationship. we can ordered from any online shop. online shops can not sell people.  he sits on a lake. a person cannot sit on a lake. "if someone sits on a lake, they would drown". lake is not to sit. he put the cupboard into the tomato sause. tomato sause is not for storage.  the cupboard is not a vegetable. a  cupboard cannot fit into a sauce bottle.  the woman slept in her computer.  computers are not large enough for people to sleep in.  a computer is too small. computers are electical devices and have no place for a person inside.  he drowned in the air. the definition of drowned is to die in a liquid and air isn't a liquid. breathing air will not cause someone to drown.  air is not alive and cannot be drowned.  i need a teacher to fix my car.  a teacher is not trained or qualified to repair automobiles.  a teacher's job is to teach and isn't to fix cars.  a mechanic fixes cars.  she smelled the moon.  the moon is too far away across space to smell.  the moon is too far away to smell.  the moon is too far away to smell.  i drove my house today.  "while cars can be used as a mode of transportation, houses can not.". a house does not have wheels or a motor.  houses don't have wheels or engines.  he gave his cat some alcohol. alcohol would be very fatal to a cat. alcohol is not a part of a cats usual diet.  cats don't drink alcohol.  he uses his iron to call his mother. irons cannot make calls. you can't call people with iron.  it is not possible to call on an iron.  he hit the baseball with a cellphone.  nobody hits a baseball with a cellphone.  a cellphone is to small to hit a baseball with. a cellphone can not be used to hit the baseball.  my father gave birth to me.  only females are biologically able to give birth.  men cannot give birth.  males can not give birth to a baby. bob grew some plants on his bed.  plants need to be watered but it will make a bed wet.  plants need water and soil which are not found on a bed.  plants have to grow in the grown.  my sister eats a  piece of wood after breakfast everyday. no one eats a piece  of woods as food. wood is meant to make articles not meant for eating. no human can eat a piece of wood.  the flag is 20 trees tall. trees are not a unit of measure. "trees are so big, so no flag will be that big". flag is not tall as trees.  there is a laptop in the fridge.  people us fridges to preserve food and not in organic things like electronics.  a laptop should not be stored in the fridge because you don't need to keep it cold.  there is some lunch meat in the fridge.  he went on a date with a tree.  the tree is not a human.  trees don't talk and cannot be dated.  trees are not humans and therefore cannot be dated.  the weather is very stripy today.  weather cannot be stripy.  weather can not be described as striped. the weather can't be stripy.  the fire was stoked with water.  "water is not used for fuel, water is used to extuinguish.". fire does not use water as fuel to grow.  water extinguishes fire. he trimmed his beard with spoon. spoon is a kitchen utensil. beards are trimmed with trimmer but not with spoons. spoons can not cut hair.  he was living in his pen. man cannot fit inside a pen. a pen is not big enough to live in.  pens are way too small to fit a person in them.  he took his broken laptop to the hospital. hospital is a place to treat patients. hospitals don't have the capacity to fix laptops. hospitals are for living things. he drove the pumpkin.  pumpkins cannot be driven.  pumpkins are note vehicles.  pumpkins are eaten not driven. the earth is flat.  if you walk really far from a tall building on earth you will no longer see the bottom part of it while on a flat surface this would not happen.  the earth is not flat.  the earth is not flat because there is no edge or end.  he went to the airport to catch the train. train usually stops in railway station. train is not in airport. trains are not typically at airports.  i put my bedroom in my clock.  a bedroom cannot fit inside of a clock.  bedroom much bigger than in my clock.  bedroom is much bigger than the clock.  he bought a world war ii tank at the library.  world war ii tanks are not for sale at libraries.  he cannot buy a world war ii tank at the library.  he can not bring a world war a tank at the library.  she went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo. the zoo is not on the roof of the apartment building. a zoo is not on the roof of an apartment building.  you would need to leave the apartment building through the door to get to the zoo.  he saved money in the salon. salon is not a financial institution. "a salon is where you go for a hair got, not to save money". salon is not the place to keep money.  he wore the shoes in the hands for walking. no one wears shoes in hands. shoes cannot used to wore in hands for walking.  he cannot wear the shoes in the hands for walking.  if you want to fish you should go to a landfill. there is no water for fish to live in at a landfill. "there are no fish in a landfill, only garbage.". you need fresh water to fish in.  he is writing with a needle on his notebook.  needle does not contain a refill filled with ink like a pen.  a needle is for sewing. you cannot write with a needle. i took a fire. """took fire"" does not exist". fire is not something you can take. fire cant be taken. tigers drink nectar from flowers.  tigers are carnivores.  tigers eat meat and not nectar. tigers do not drink from flowers.  the weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns.  machine guns were invented after the medieval period.  machine guns were not invented during the medieval period. the weapons of medieval soldiers does not include machine guns.  eating is very good exercise.  you do not burn lots of calories or build muscle when you eat.  eating cannot is good exercise.  eating is not exercise.  the pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher.  a dynamite is too dangerous to catch. the pitcher threw knife to the catcher.  game of baseball doesn't include dynamite.  i put water on my burger. water is not a condiment. water is not an ingredient used in a burger. burger can not be put in water.  there is a whale in the backpack.  a whale will not fit in a backpack.  whales will not fit in a backpack. whales are huge to fit in a backpack.  he swallowed a house.  a house is too big to swallow.  house cannot be swallowed.  a house is much larger than a pill.  some horses ride people for fun.  "horses are much bigger than people, and thus would crush them.". horse for ride only not fun. horses cannot ride people for fun.  he put his clothes in his oven. "ovens are used for baking food, not storing clothes". ovens are dirty and not equipped for clothing storage.  ovens are for cooking food.  we bought a smile.  a smile cannot be bought because it is a thrill.  smile is not a thing to buy. smiles can't be bought. the farmer milked the chicken.  a chicken does not produce milk. . chickens can't be milked.  chickens can't be milked.  she bought fireworks from the deli.  deli's do not sell fireworks.  a deli only sells food. fireworks are not sold in the deli. she loves eating mud everyday. the mud is so dirty to eat. mud is not edible.  mud is not edible for humans.  the fish swam in fire. fire will burn a fish. fire would burn and kill a fish.  fire would burn a fish.  i frequently go on water.  it is not possible to go on water.  you can't go to water for vacations.  it is not possible to go on water.  the child was reading the book with his eyes closed.  you can not read a book with your eyes closed.  one cannot read a book with their eyes closed.  no one can read with closed eyes. he smoked a cat.  it's not possible to smoke a cat.  cats are never smoked.  a cat is alive.  snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside.  snow doesn't fall when it is hot.  "snow creation requires water to freeze, which only happens with cold temperatures.". snow only falls from the sky when it's cold. there are five toes on your hand.  toes are on your feet.  toes are not on hands.  "your hands have fingers, not toes". she used gasoline to put out the fire. gasoline ignites with fire. gasoline is flammable. "gasoline is flammable so it will feed the fire, not put it out.". he rides his dog to school.  his dog cannot support his weight.  dogs cannot be ridden over.  dogs are not usually pets that people ride.  mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle's trunk. a cabinet is too large  a bicycle's trunk. cabinets are smaller objects than bicycle trunk so they cannot be put in them. a cabinet is to big to fit in a bicycle's trunk.  a bike flies in the sky.  the bike does not have the aerodynamic structure to fly.  a flying bike has not been invented.  a bike has no wings to fly.  i went shopping for hope.  hope is not a tangible item that can be bought.  you cannot shop for an inanimate object. hope is  a feeling and cannot be bought.  the dog gave him a bath. its not possible for a dog to give a human a bath. dogs don't give out baths.  dogs don't have hands and fingers to give baths. he set a shark on the table.  a shark can't swim on a table.  a table is not a safe or sensible place for a shark.  you can't set sharks on a table.  she ate a book.  people can't eat books.  "a book isn't food,". books are not food.  boats are used for driving on the road.  boats do not have wheels.  boats don't have tires.  boats don't have wheels to be driven on the road.  i brought a cat that barked loud. cats don't bark. cats do not bark.  cats meow not bark. sitting down is considered working out.  sitting down requires no effort.  sitting down isn't enough exercise to be considered working out. sitting down does not burn calories.  he drove his car with his feet. you cant drive with your feet because you don't have control and its illegal. people use their hands and not their feet to drive a car.  a car is to heavy to move with your feet.  my mom has motor oil in her coffee mug.  motor oil does not belong in her coffee mug.  motor oil is not safe to drink.  motor oil cannot be in her coffee mug.  i got into my bed to go to work.  i cannot drive to work from bed.  bed for sleep not for work. you cannot physically go to another destination if you get into bed.  rocks go in smoothies. rocks do not taste good and are not edible.  people can't eat rocks.  you do not eat rocks.  a fish walks on land. fish do not have feet. a fish swims in water.  a fish doesn't have feet so it can't walk. she wore a camel.  a camel is not clothing.  camel is not a skirt to wore. camel is not to wore. i flew a hippo last year.  hippos don't fly.  hippos cannot fly.  hippos don't fly.  the car went into the doghouse. the car is bigger than the dog house. a car is to dig to fit in a doghouse.  cars are too big to fit in a doghouse.  the cat steered the ship around the rock.  a cat is not able to steer a ship.  cat doesn't have that much intelligence and muscle power. the cat is not a captain to ship around the rock. there are buttons on his chicken. buttons are on shirts but not on chickens. chickens don't have buttons.  chickens do not have buttons. he took the cat to a garage when it was sick. a garage is not to right place to get help for a sick cat. "a garage does not have the tools, equipment or personnel to take care of a cat.". you take cats to the vet when they're sick.  he  wiped his body with a stone. stone does not absorb water. stones are no good for wiping.  a stone would not clean your body and would hurt.  i will play the song on my table. . you cannot play a song on a table.  the table can't play music. a table is not a musical insturment.  some people like toenails in their stew.  toenails are not a food.  no one would like toenails in their stew.  toenails are not food.  a cow is eating meat. cow is herbivorous animal. a cow is not a carnivore.  cows are vegetarians.  a spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs. a spider is miniscule in comparison to a xbox 360 controller. a spider can  not play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs. spiders lack the understanding to play xbox 360.  james put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later.  a porkipine cannot breath in a refrigerator.  you don't put porkipines in a fridge.  people do not eat porcupines.  the sky is made of diamonds. "the sky is made of water, oxygen, and not diamonds.". the sky is not a metal. the sky is not made of solid objects.  the ice cream must bake for two hours.  you cannot bake ice cream.  ice cream will melt when baking.  ice cream is a cold dessert and can't be baked. a clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance. for measuring distance people use tape. clock is measured only time not distance. a measuring tape is used to measure the distance not clock. one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers. spiders are miniscule in comparison to a controller. insects cannot play xbox 360.  a spider is an insect which doesn't have have hands or brain to play the xbox.  he broke the rock with his hands. rocks are too strong to break. rocks are too solid to be broken by our hands.  you would need very heavy tools to break a rock since rocks are very hard.  nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it. usually people use key to unlock a lock. nail's main use is to anchor any object to another.  nail is not a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it. students go to police station everyday. students not supposed to go to police station regularly. a police station is not en educational institution.  students should not be going to the police station everyday.  a piano has 6 strings.  pianos do not have strings.  a piano has many more strings.  piano is not a string instrument. dogs are out to destroy the world.  dogs do not plot to destroy the world.  the world can not be destroy by dogs.  dogs cannot destroy the world.  miley cyrus played basketball for the los angeles lakers. miley cyrus is a singer not a professional athlete.  miley cyrus is a singer not a basketball player. miley cyrus is a singer not an nba player. a bus station is a place you find balloons. a bus station is made for busses. balloons can't be found at a bus station. balloons are not found in any bus stations.  he saw a whale on the prairie.  a whale cannot swim on a prairie.  a whale belongs in the ocean. whales are seen in water not on the prairie. earth is a star. planets are not stars and earth is a planet. earth is a planet.  earth is not a star. a tiger has spots.  tigers have stripes.  a tiger has only stripes not spots. a tiger has strips.  the table is made out of feathers. feathers would not stay together to make a table. feathers are not as strong as wood.  table is only for wood not for feathers. the grown man slept in a comfortable match box.  a grown man cannot fit into a matchbox.  match box is not a bed to slept. a match box cannot accommodate a man.  they heard the light.  light has to be seen.  light cannot be heared.  light cant heard. players eat with a football.  footballs are not edible.  players can not eat with a football.  players cannot with a football. dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction.  dinosaurs died ten million years ago.  dinosaurs have already been extinct millions of years ago.  dinosaurs are already extinct so they can't be on the brink of extinction. she put the oven in the pot.  the pot is too small to put the oven in.  the oven is too big to fit into a pot.  the pot is much bigger than the oven.  she watched the show on the pillow.  a pillow is not entertainment.  a pillow is not used to watch something.  you cannot watch a show on a pillow.  i ate a window.  windows are not food.  a window is not edible and to big to eat. windows are non consumable and cannot be eaten. climbing a mountain requires an apple. there is no logical link between climbing a mountain and having an apple. an apple is no help at all when climbing mountains. there is no specific food that you may need to eat while climbing a mountain.  turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room. turning a light switch on will illuminate the room whereas switching it off will make the room darker. turning of the lights would not illuminate a room.  there is no illumination when a light switch is off. . he brewed his children and added sugar and milk. children are human and cannot be brewed like coffee. children cannot be brewed by him.  children are not a drink to be brewed.  he carried an elephant.  an elephant is too big to carry.  elephants are to heavy to carry.  an elephant is too heavy to carry.  the teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener.  "a book bag does not need, and cannot be, sharpened.". book bags are too big to be put inside a sharpener.  book bags cannot be sharpened.  my father told me to study hard to get big bananas.  bananas are not related with the study efforts.  after studying hard you get good marks not big bananas.  having big bananas is not a direct result of studying hard.  he jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air.  gravity only pulls things to the earth not up into the air.  gravity pulls you down and doesn't push you up.  gravity does not push him into the air.  he ate a bottle.  bottles are not edible.  bottle is not eatable. a bottle is made of a material that is not edible.  he lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music. you don't blow into a piano to play music. a piano is played with fingers and is not a wind instrument that can be blown into.  a piano is to heavy to lift.  he spun a race.  spun is not interchangeable with ran.  a race is not an object that can be spun.  race cannot be spun it can be run. gold is a man-made material.  gold occurs naturally.  gold is an element all all elements preceded mankind.  gold is a chemical element and not made by man.  they baked an apple tree. apple trees are bigger than an oven. tree cannot be baked it will not fit in the oven. you should not bake a tree.  he watched the show on a lion. there's not possible to watch something on a lion. a lion is an animal. lion is not a tv to watch. cows chew water. water cannot be chewed. water is not a solid and can not be chewed on.  water cannot be chewed.  a turtle climbed a tree. turtles can't climb anything. turtles can't climb.  a turtle does not have the ability to climb.  there is a school in the can. a school cannot go in a can. a school is much too big to fit inside of a can.  school is not a soda. the girl ate rocks for lunch.  no one eats rocks for food.  rocks are inedible.  rocks are not food and they are hard and would break your teeth.  she ate the large rock. people cannot eat rocks.  rocks are not meant to eaten but some times used for construction after crushing. a rock is not edible.  the man bought some apples from a bathroom.  a bathroom is for using the toilet and showering not selling apples.  a bathroom is not a grocery store to buy apple. apples are purchased from a store not from bathroom. a piece of paper is circular.  a piece of paper is rectangular.  a piece of paper is tore.  paper is in a rectangular shape.  happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed.  plants don't have feelings.  happiness is  not an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed.  "happiness is a kind of feeling, not for photosynthesis.". he put the giraffe in the tub.  a giraffe is too tall for a tub.  giraffe is bigger than the tub. a giraffe is too big to fit in a tub. he played refrigerator.  one cannot play a refrigerator.  refrigerator is an appliance in the kitchen not game. a refrigerator is not a game that can be played.  she drank a rock.  a rock is not liquid.  a rock is a solid. "rock cannot be drink , because it is very hard". i like to play soccer because i am good in jumping with parashoots. parashoots don't have link with soccer. football does not involve jumping or parashoots. to play soccer there is no need to know jumping with para shoot. a cat can hunt lice. lice cannot be hunt. lice are so small that a cat would't be able to see them.  lice are too small for a cat to hunt. he charged his phone with a flower. flower does not have wires or electrical capability. flowers do not produce electricity.  it's not possible for a flower to provide energy for charging a phone.  he let his baby drive the car.  babies don't know how to drive cars.  it is illegal to let a baby drive a car is they are not capable of doing so. a baby cannot drive a car.  she painted her air. air isn't something you can paint. air is invisible  andcannot be painted. air will not hold paint.  i put a dog on my head. a dog cannot sit on my head. a dog is to big and heavy to put on your head.  dogs are not put on head but a hat is wore on head. cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable. a cabbage is too soft to manage nails. "cabbages are vegetables, not for cutting nails". cabbages aren't used for nail care.  pancake eat me. "pancake are food, couldn't eat people". pancake is not a living thing to eat. pancakes can not eat food.  "scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth, paper, and other material". with scissors things cannot be washed. nothing can be washed with scissors as it cannot clean anything.  scissors are sharp metal objects. the golden gate bridge is in egypt.  the golden gate bridge is in california.  the golden gate bridge is in usa not in egypt. the golden gate bridge is in san francisco which is not in egypt. i put a ham on my feet. a ham cannot fit on my feet. "you eat ham, not wear it.". ham cannot on my feet.  the tree's leaves had turned blue.  trees never have blue leaves.  there is no natural phenomenon where the trees leaves turn from green to blue.  tree's leaves had not turned blue beacuse trees leaves never turned into blue. johny eats dinner out of a bottle. "you can not eat food out of a bottle, the opening is too small.". dinner cannot be put inside a bottle.  dinner cannot be served in a bottle.  i like to wear apples. apples are a food and cannot be worn. you can not wear an apple.  "apples are to eat, not to wear.". i drove my computer to the gas station.  you cant drive a computer. a computer is not something you drive.  "a computer is not a car, it has no wheels for it to be driven". watching tv is a good way to exerise. watching tv does not involve moving or physical effort. watching tv is not a good excercise. tv watching is not a good exercise. i ate a song.  songs are not edible.  songs are intangible and cannot be eaten.  you can't eat music.  he through the bowling ball as far as he could.  bowling balls are too heavy to be thrown.  through is not the proper word use.  a bowling ball is too heavy to throw.  i need to see a dentist because my hand hurt. you don't see a dentist if your problem is not with your teeth. dentists specialise in teeth not hands. "a dentist works on teeth, not hands.". she was writing with a book. "you read books, you can't write with them". a book doesn't have any ink to be used as a writing tool. a book does not have any ink so it cannot be used as a writing implement.  i want to read that pizza. pizzas are not readable. pizza cannot be read.  pizza can be ate not read. the soccer players drink the ball.  a ball is not a liquid that can be drank.  a ball is not a liquid.  a ball is not a liquid.  after i washed my hands i wet my dry hands with a clean towel.  after washing your hands they are wet not dry and towels are used to typically remove moisture.  washing your hands makes them wet.  dry towels can't wet your hands.  he cooked the sandles for dinner.  sandles are footwear that should not be eaten.  you don't cook sandles.  sandles are an article of clothing and not edible.  she popped canned soup in the microwave. if you put metal cans in a microwave it will ruin it. popcorn is not a soup in the microwave. a can can't be put in a microwave or it would explode. the ground fell from the tree.  a tree is planted in the ground.  the ground does not fell from tree. the ground is already low and cannot fall.  a driveway is a road.  a driveway is a path from a road to a house.  a driveway is located off a road. a driveway is too small to be considered a road. the refrigerator grown in the garden.  a refrigerator cannot grow.  refrigerator is not a corn. refrigerators aren't grown.  "my brother and i went to a restaurant, he ordered bleach". "bleach is extremely dangerous, also you can't order bleach". restaurants don't serve bleach. bleach is not a drink and is not sold at restaurants.  cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere.  kangaroos are from austrlia and not typical to the united states except for zoos.  kangaroos do not live in the west.  cowboys cannot ride kangaroos to get everywhere.  her bicycle ran out of gas.  bicycles to not run on gasoline.  bicycles don't use gas.  bicycles do not require gas to function.  he sailed his bike on the lake. a bike can't swim on the lake. a bike would sink in the lake.  bike cannot sailed on the lake. there are eight sides to a square box.  there can be only six sides to a true square.  there are eight sides to an octagon. there are six sides to a box.  he put his toaster in the washing machine.  a toaster is an appliance you don't wash in a washing machine. you don't wash toasters in a washing machine.  both will be destroyed. he rode the tornado.  a tornado is weather and cannot be ridden.  you can not ride a tornado. tornados are not physical objects.  zebras have spots.  zebras have stripes.  zebras don't have spots.  zebras does not have spots.  i will go to the theater tonight with my hamster.  no one brings a hamster to the theater.  "a hamster is not allowed in a movie theater, it is an animal.". you cannot take animals to the theatre. he eats a beer can every night to relax.  people can't eat cans.  beer cans are made of metal. beer is liquid.  the monkey climbed the air.  monkeys cannot climb on air as it has no shape.  moneys cannot climb air.  monkeys cannot climb the air. he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise. you do not make a chair out of food. "chairs are usually made out of wood or another material, but not food.". chair cannot be made with eatable objects such as bread and mauonnaise. the stone cried when it got hurt.  stones do not have any emotions or feelings so they cannot get hurt.  stones do not have feelings.  stones do not have feelings.  he saw rocks falling from the tree.  rocks don't grow on trees.  rocks don't fall from trees.  rocks don't fall from trees.  grass is black. grass cannot be black unless it is burnt. grass is green. the grass is an array of colors lighter than black.  having an iphone makes you a loser. people think highly of iphones. iphone does not make you loser.  having an iphone makes you cool. my kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning.  "my kitchen is not alive, it does not eat.". kitchen cannot eat him for breakfast.  kitchens are not things that eat.  he jumped on the water.  he could not jump onto the water because it is liquid and he would sink.  water does not have enough surface tension to be jumped on but rather jumped in.  people can jump into water but not on water. you are likely to find a watch on a chest. no one will wear a watch on a chest. watches are worn on the wrist.  nobody tie watch on chest. we need more ice start the grill.  ice does not produce the fire needed to light the grill.  ice is not flammable.  ice is not suitable for to start grill. water is a thing that has a powerful attraction. water cannot attract usually magnets attract. water is not a magnet.  water is not a thing that has a powerful attraction. she always bakes pizza in a refrigerator.  refrigerators are cold and can't bake.  refrigerator is for cooling and protecting food from fermentation not for baking. a refrigerator if for cooling things down.  monkeys like sports. monkeys don't play sports. monkeys are not smart enough to play sports.  monkeys are not known to watch or understand sports.  she cleaned up her house using a zebra.  a zebra cannot be used for cleaning a house.  a zebra is not a cleaning implement. a zebra is an animal and not for cleaning.  a fish lives on the moon.  thre is no water on the moon.  the moon does not have water. there is no water on the moon. he put the hippo in the mailbox. a hippo cannot fit in a mailbox. hippos do not fit in mailboxes.  the hippo is much bigger than the mailbox.  the zebra had many spots.  zebras do not have spots they have stripes.  the zebra does not have spots.  zebra had only lines. they went swimming in the rain.  rain is not a body of water on can swim in.  we can't swim in the rain.  "if you were swimming then you would be in water already, so you would not be in the rain while swimming.". plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string. planes usually fly independently. you don't fly planes with string.  planes do not fly on strings.  fortnite is a state of mexico. "fortnite is a video game, not a locality". there is no such state in mexico.  fortnite is a game and not a state. the house ran away from the dog.  houses cannot run.  house is not a living thing to ran. the house cannot ran away from the dog.  an apple is never green. green apples exist.  a lot of apples are green.  apples can be green.  i took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed.  a pharmacy does not mail letters.  a pharmacy is for medicine and does not have the staff or ability to deliver mail.  a pharmacy sells medicine.  a jaguar is a type of mineral.  a jaguar is a type of animal.  a jaguar is an animal in the feline group.  a jaguar is a animal not a mineral. a fly has four legs.  a fly has six legs.  a fly has six legs.  a fly has more than four legs.  he lives under a rock.  you can't live under a rock. it's to small.  rocks are solid.  impossible to live under a rock. the doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie.  movies are not shown at the hospital.  watching a movie is done in a cinema.  hospital is not a theater. the sad little monkey cried at the funeral.  monkeys don't attend funerals.  monkeys don't go to funerals.  monkeys do not attend funerals.  cookies love people. cookies aren't alive. cookies do not have likes.  cookies do not experience emotions or have affection. the table write a text. table can't write bro. the table is not a hand to write it. table is not alive to write the text. a cat can tie things. a cat isn't able to tie things. cats don't have fingers to tie things. a cat does not have hands.  only human beings with one leg can run.  it is very hard to run with one leg.  you need two legs to run. human beings cannot with one leg.  bicycles have square wheels.  square bicycle wheels will not turn.  wheels are always round.  if wheels were square they would could not roll.  she likes to eat tractors for lunch.  tractors are not food.  people can't eat tractors.  tractors are too big and not nutritious to be eaten. cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists. cap is not a protective hat to avoid injuries to head. a cap does not offer real protection for the head.  a cap is soft and does not protect.  i wore a sock on my head.  socks are not worn on the head.  a sock is to small to go on a head.  a sock is ment to be worn in legs.  cucumbers are a state.  cucumbers are a vegetable.  cucumbers are a food.  cucumber is vegetables not state. i drew a picture with a toothbrush. a toothbrush is not an object you can draw a picture with. you can't draw with a toothbrush.  toothbursh are for cleaning things and not for painting.  he won the competition by sheer sadness. sadness is not useful in winning competitions. sadness is not related to winning a competition.  you don't win competitions with sadness.  mice have feathers.  mice have fur.  mice have fur instead of feathers.  mice have fur. she meditated some tacos. "tacos are cooked, not meditated". tacos cannot be meditated.  tacos is not for meditated. my fly ate a lizard. flies cannot eat lizards because they are too small to consume them. a fly's mouth is not big enough to eat a lizard.  a  lizard it to big for a fly to eat.  the phone charges him.  the man has no outlet to charge.  phones cannot charge people.  a phone cannot charge a person.  i will take notes in the bird.  a bird is an animal.  a bird is a creature on which nothing can be written.  a bird is an animal not a piece of stationary. you can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth.  your phone bill is not affected by the amount of water you use.  turning of the water when you brush your teeth will save money on your water/utility bill. turning off the water doesn't save money on phone bills.  windows are made from iron.  iron isn't transparent. you cannot see through iron. window frames are made from iron not the windows themselves. the cheetah can ride a bike.  a cheetah is not physically able to operate a bike.  cheetah is not a human to ride a bike. the blind man can ride a bike.  a soccer team is composed of five players. the rules require at least seven players to form a team. a sport team that is composed of five players would be a basketball team.  five players aren't enough to form a soccer team. he wears shirts to help him see more clearly.  shirts don't affect vision.  shirts don't help you see.  shirts are worn to look good not to see things. socks are for your ears. "socks are designed and sold to people for feet, not ears". your ears are a shape that do not fit a sock.  socks are meant to go on feet. he ate a rock.  rocks are not edible.  rock is not food. a rock is too hard to be eaten.  my best friend is throwing a party for his mom's funeral. a funeral is a place and time to grieve. you don't throw parties at funerals.  a funeral is sad event.  he put glass in his coffee.  nobody would put glass in their coffee.  glass is not a cream. people cannot drink glass.  he put a truck in the car.  you cannot fit a truck in a car.  a truck cannot fit inside a car.  trucks are big cars and you can't put them in regular smaller cars.  he drove the wallet to get to work. a wallet is not a vehicle.  a wallet is not a vehicle.  a wallet isn't a vehicle that can be driven.  my garden looks dark at noon.  "at noon there is light, so the garden can not look dark.". in noon garden never looks in dark. noon is full of sunlight. "it is dark at night, not at noon.". he washed his soap with car.  a car cannot wash a soap.  "you do not wash soap, you use it to wash other things.". a car can not be used to wash something. the apple floated from the tree.  gravity will make the apple fall from the tree.  apples do not float.  the apple cannot floated from the tree.  i like to bake pasta.  pasta is cooked not baked.  pasta is not a cookie to bake. pasta is not normally baked.  a thing that you find on an apple tree are pears.  pears don't grow on apple trees.  you can not find on an apple tree are pears.  pears grow only on a pear tree.  the driver drove a car under water in the lake. a car will not function under water in a lake. car can not be driven under water.  cars cannot operate under water.  people can eat dumbbells.  "dumbbells are metal weights, they would be impossible to eat.". dumbells are meant for exercises and non consumable food. "a dumbell is not food, it is metal.". the water is plastic. plastic is not liquid. water and plastic are two different forms of objects. water is made from hydrogen and oxygen.  cars can see in the dark.  cars do not have eyes.  cars can't have eyes to see in dark. cars don't have eyes therefore they can't see. my to-do list is packed! 1) water cell phone bill on time.  "you have to pay bills you owe money on, not water them.". cell phone bill cannot be watered.  "the word ""water"" doesn't relate to the rest of the statement.". i can go to narnia. narnia is not a real place. narnia is not a place to go.  narnia is made up.  i can throw you to the next city. one does not throws someone to long distances. we don't throw a person from one city to another.  human is not a object to throw. the ball likes to chase the dog.  the ball is a toy while the dog is an animal.  "a ball is an inanimate object, it cannot chase anything". balls are inanimate objects and cannot chase anything.  a car has a swimming pool in it. a swimming pool cannot fit in a car as it is too big. a car is not big enough for a swimming pool.  cars are not big enough to have swimming pools in them.  she would like to get a punishment for her effort.  when someone puts effort into something they would like and expect to get something good but a punishment is bad.  punishment is not suitable for her effort. why would you want to punish yourself. a policeman arrested a lion.  a policeman cannot bring charges against a lion.  a lion is to dangerous to arrest. a lion is not a human being to be arrested.  my dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood.  dogs cannot drive a car.  dogs can't drive cars.  dogs can't drive.  she rode the mouse in a rodeo.  you cannot ride a mouse.  if a person would try to ride a mouse the mouse will be crushed to death.  a mouse is too small to be ridden.  the car bought him.  a car cannot buy a person.  the car has no money. a car is an inanimate object and cannot purchase anything.  the box put the child on the shelf.  the box doesn't have the ability to move things.  a box can not move another object.  boxes are sentient objects that can't move.  he box the elephant inside the fridge. a fridge is smaller than an elephants. an elephant is to big to fit in a fridge.  an elephant can't fit inside a fridge. mustard must go on all sandwiches. some people don't like mustard on sandwiches. all sandwich does not have mustard.  its not necessary that mustard must go on sandwiches. he put the food into the black pepper.  usually the pepper goes into the food.  black pepper is too small to contain any kind of food.  you can not put anything on black pepper.  the office rode a bike home.  an office is an inanimate object.  the office is a building. an office cannot ride. he went swimming in some lava.  lava is too hot for a person to safely swim in.  lava is too hot to swim in. lava would kill you. bananas are blue.  "bananas are typically only yellow and green, and everwhere in between those two colors.". there are no blue bananas. blue bananas do not exist.  i cooked a car'. cars are not cooked. a car is made of metal which cannot be cooked.  car cannot be cooked.  she throwed the bike into the basket. bikes can`t be thrown into a basket. bike is bigger than into the basket.  bikes do not fit into baskets.  large cars use less gas.  it takes more gas to propel a larger car than it does a smaller car.  small cars use more gas.  larger cars have bigger engines and use more gas.  he eats human meat.  people don't eat people.  human meat is not appropriate food for humans. he can not eats human meat.  your cat pet can read many types of data.  cats are not able to read.  pests can not read.  pet cats don't understand scripts or data.  he put cookies in water. water would make the cookies dissolve. cookies should not put in water.  water cannot bake foods.  i ate a bar of gold.  gold is not edible.  gold is not a fruit to ate. bar of gold cannot eat.  the angry plant told his teacher to back off.  plants cannot talk. plants do not get angry.  plants do not speak. the couch in my grandmother's apartment was 240 centuries old.  a couch cannot be 240 centuries old. apartment was not human. no couch is 2400 centuries old. most dogs have three eyes.  dogs almost never have three eyes.  most dogs have two eyes.  most dogs have two eyes.  he put the elephant on the cupboard.  an elephant is to heavy for a cupboard.  an elephant is too large to fit in a cupboard. a cupboard cannot accommodate an elephant.  she read a blanket.  blankets do not have words that can be read.  blankets do not contain text .  a blanket has no words on it to read.  he went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food. indian restaurants do not typically sell chinese food. "an indian restaurant would not have the ingrediants, etc for chinese food.". chinese food is found in a chinese restaurant.  the concrete will grow around the plants.  "concrete cannot grow, but plants and grass can.". concrete is inorganic and cannot grow.  concrete is made with cement. the dog is eating the grass.  dogs don't eat grass.  dogs do not get nutrition from grass.  a dog eats dog food and could not live on grass.  you can always find a hospital in a rural village.  hospitals are rare in rural areas.  rural villages typically do not have the resources and skilled staff to run a hospital.  rural villages are small and don't usually have hospitals. he went for a swim in the desert.  there is usually no water in the desert.  you can't swim in sand.  you can't swim where there is no water. the river flows up the mountain.  a river can't flow against gravity up a mountain.  rivers move towards down. "rivers cannot flow against gravity for great distances, like up a mountain.". my boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor-trailers for my birthday.  tractor-trailers are too large to be in a bouquet.  tractor-trailers are not items that can be gifted.  tractor-trailers are not collected into bouquets and are not common birthday gifts.  i want to drink cake. cake insn't drinkable. cakes are meant to be eaten not to be drinken. a cake is a solid not a liquid.  "the floor was completely dry, and she slipped in a puddle". the floor is not completely dry if there is a puddle on it. "puddles are made of water but the floor is said to be dry, meaning having no water on it.". a puddle cannot be found on a dry floor.  the woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library.  people do not read shoes.  you can't read a shoe. a shoe is for wearing on your feet.  wood can be made out of tables.  "wood is not made of tables, it grows from trees.". tables don't make wood.  wood is made from trees only. she drank pudding.  pudding is not a liquid.  pudding is not a beverage.  you can't drink pudding.  cellphones make nice pets.  a cellphone cant be a pet.  cellphones are not alive.  a cellphone is not an animal.  i rolled in mud to get clean.  rolling in mud would make you dirty.  you get clean after rolling in mud.  "rolling in the mud makes on dirty, not clean.". science is easy. many students fail science. science is complicated.  science requires robust study. i cook the pants on the grill. the pants are not made for cooking. pants are not food to be cooked. you cant eat pants and they would only burn to ash.  jeans are a piece of traditional japanese clothing.  jeans were invented in the united states.  jeans are american and are not a part of traditional japanese clothing.  jeans are an american piece of clothing. she put monkey in a fish tank. a monkey can not live in water. a monkey cannot live in an underwater environment.  an monkey  is much bigger than a fish tank.  i boiled a pie.  "to make a pie correctly, you have to bake it.". pie is used for baked not for boiled. you do not boil a pie; you bake one.  jenny ate wine. "wine is a liquid and cannot be eaten, only drank". people can drink wine.  you can only drink wine.  you use a phone in the shower. a phone cannot get wet. a phone would short out in the shower.  phones are not waterproof and can't be used in the shower. a human can cross the ocean. a human is too weak to cross the ocean. human is not a plan to cross ocean. a human is not a airplane. he put the beer in the washing machine.  a washing machine isn't meant for food or drinks and doesn't keep them cold.  beer is not washed in a washing machine.  washing machines only use washing powder.  i've hidden my elephant under the couch. i cannot hide an elephant under a couch. an elephant is to big to hid under a couch.  elephants are too big to hide under a couch.  the race car drives on one wheel. cars need 4 wheels to drive. car has minimum four wheels. the race car drives not on a circle. he ate a wrench for dinner.  a wrench is made of metal and can't be eaten by a person.  it is impossible to eat a wrench.  wrench is used for mechanical work and is non consumable. the best ice cream flavour is rat poison. "rat poison is dangerous, and is not considered food". rat poison would kill you so it cannot be eaten. rat poison is not an ice cream flavor.  a thermostat measures time.  a thermostat measures temperature.  a thermostat measures temperature.  a thermostat measures temperature.  he rode his chihuahua to school.  people are too large to ride chihuahuas to school.  the chihuahua is the smallest breed of dog. a chihuahua is to small to ride.  i often fly to the moon.  an average person cannot fly to the moon.  the current technological advancement doesn't allow for a frequent moon travel.  moon is very far from the earth.  i like to eat cars. i cannot eat a car. a car is too hard to be eaten.  cars are inedible.  cows like to eat cans.  cows cannot digest metal.  cows do not like to eat cans.  cans are inedible and cannot eaten by cows.  skydiving is in the ocean. skydiving takes place in the sky. you can't skydive in the ocean.  skydiving is in the air.  i like to eat pillows. pillows are not eatable. pillows is not to eat. pillows are inedible.  i can not wait to swim in the milkshake!. "a milkshake is food, you can not swim in.". milkshake is for drinking.  milkshake is not an appropriate liquid to swim in. the earth is full of stars and planets.  stars and planets are not on the earth.  the earth is a planet.  the earth itself is a planet and doesn't have stars on it.  the tile is slippery because it is happy. tile can't feel happiness. inanimate objects can't have feelings.  the tile cannot be happy.  my lotion put my brother on its skin.  lotion does not have skin.  lotion is inanimate and cannot act upon your brother.  lotion does not have a corporeal form.  fish fly over the lake. fish cannot fly. fish do not have wings.  fish cannot fly. my brother is a horse.  my brother could not be a horse because i am a human.  my brother can not be a horse.  my brother is not a horse.  one goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger.  a dentist does not provide food to satisfy hunger.  dentists do not serve food.  the dentist fixes teeth. some people gamble on the moon. "people can't just go on the moon, so they can't gamble there". people do not live on the moon. there is no place to gamble on the moon because the moon is empty. he makes music with a tennis racket. a tennis racket cannot make music. a tennis racket is not a musical instrument. tennis rackets don't have any provision to make music.  she put on a walrus.  a walrus is an animal and cannot be worn.  you can put on clothing but not a live animal. walrus is type of fish and can not be put on. the golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway.  "a golfer uses a club to play golf with, not a squirrel.". a squirrel is an animal and can not be used as a golf club.  squirrel is not a golfer. she put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow.  she can't put a note in the fridge for lunch since it is not edible.  can only put notes on the fridge. a note is not edible. your arm is connected to your butt.  arms and butts aren't connected.  the butt can not move the wrist above the head.  arm is connected to wrist not butt. hamburgers are triangular.  hamburgers are round.  hamburgers is not a pizza. hamburgers are alwsys in round shape.  superman is a real life sushi chef. superman is not real. superman is not a sushi chef.  superman is not a chef. i picked a grape from a tree.  grapes grow on vines.  grape can not picked from a tree.  grape picked cannot from a tree.  he rode a pineapple.  pineapples do not move.  a pineapple is not a vehicle nor an animal.  pineapples are not something that can be ridden.  she went to hair salon to buy bananas.  bananas aren't usually sold at the hair salon.  hair salons do not sell bananas.  she can not buy bananas to hair salon.  i like to be trees.  "people cannot be trees, they are two different things.". it is not possible to transform into a tree.  you cannot be a tree if you are a person.  i put the remote in the tv to watch tv. remotes never go into tvs. a tv does not have a place to put a remote in.  remotes are used to switch on tv not to be put in tv. ship is a small vessel for travelling over water. ship is a huge vessel for travelling over sea. a ship is a big vessel. ships are the biggest vessel to travel over water.  they filled the bucket with more buckets. usually you would say they stacked the buckets. a bucket is to big to fit in another bucket.  buckets are solids which can not be poured.  i put the groceries in the dishwasher.  you do not put groceries in a dishwasher.  groceries cannot be dishwasher.  a dishwasher is not suites to store groceries.  the dog was eaten by the meat.  meat is the food and therefore cannot eat the dog.  meat is dead animals and dead animals do not eat.  meat is dead so it can not eat.  she took her fish for a walk.  fish do not need to be taken for a walk.  a fish has no legs to walk.  fish cannot walk.  a parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad. praying is always a good thing to do.  praying god is never bad. this is actually true!. he ate a desk.  desks are not edible.  a desk is made out of wood which cannot be eaten.  desk can't ate.  jack named her clover puppy. a clover is not generally given a name. clover is a proper noun not common noun. a clover does not have a name. he had a strange potatoe infection. you cannot be infected by potatoes. a potato is a vegetable and can't infect a person's body.  a potato cannot cause an infection.  the platypus spoke hysteryically. platypus cannot speak. a platypus cannot speak.  platypus can not speak. she played the lottery and won a husband. you can't win people in a lottery. husbands are not given as lottery prizes. "you win money in a lottery, not people.". he ate a rock.  rocks are not food.  rock is not eatable. it is impossible to eat rocks.  i like to visit other fridges. it's not usual to visit fridges. a fridge is not a tourist location. fridges is not a country to visit. he blew his nose with a dog.  you cannot blow your nose with a living animal.  dogs are pets and not used to blow noses.  a dog cannot be used like a tissue.  she put her book between the wildflowers.  wildflowers cannot hold a book.  you don't put books between flowers.  a book would not fit between wildflowers.  i like to listen to oranges. oranges do not make any sounds. oranges do not make sounds.  oranges is not a music. he answered the soda bottle when it rang.  soda bottles cannot ring and can not be answered unlike a phone which can be answered.  soda bottles do not ring and don't nees to be answered.  soda bottles do not ring.  if it is cold most people sleep under a snake.  a blanket holds in body heat a snake is an animal.  snakes are animals and people don't sleep under them. a snake is to small and dangerous to sleep under.  a black horse rode a boy on a saddle. a horse cannot ride a person. a black horse is not a boy to ride. people ride on horses but not the other way around. the frog ran down the road. frogs hop down the road. the frog only jumps.  a frog hops to move rather than running.  football  is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field. football is a game played between two teams with a spherical ball. football is not a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field.  football is only between 2 teams.  something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit.  suits are not sold in hardware stores.  suit is not for sale in a hardware store. a hardware store does not sell formal clothing. he liked to watch television with his giraffe. a giraffe is too big to fit in th house. giraffe is a wild animal which cannot fir in the house. "giraffes are too big to fit into a house to watch tv, and animals are not interested in tv.". i like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others.  "most people have no need to hide their belly buttons, even less so because their shirts already do.". sleeping mask goes on the face not belly. "sleeping mask is fir eyes, it is not dor belly". i saw a school of fish when i was on the airplane.  fish do not live in the sky.  airplanes don't usually have fishes. airplanes are in the sky and fish live under the water. boiling water is cold. the boiling point for water is empirically hot. boiling water is the opposite of cold.  boiling water means it is hot. he ate a car. a car cannot be eaten. cars are not food.  human body can not digest a car.  i eat video games everyday.  i can't eat a disc.  a video game is not food. people can't eat video games.  golf is a violent sport.  there is no bodily contact in golf.  golf is not violent. there is no violence in golf.  the cowboy rode into town on a whale.  whales can't really be ridden on land.  a whale is to big to ride and cannot move out of water.  cowboys ride horses not whales. he walked through a close door into the garden. it isn't possible to walk through closed doors. a human can't walk through closed doors. you can't walk through doors.  she got a planet for her birthday. a person can't get a planet as a gift. planet is not a product to buy. planets can not be bought.  cheddar is a type of fish.  cheddar is a type of cheese.  "cheddar is kind of cheese, not fish.". cheddar is a type cheese. he can see his back in the mirror.  the mirror only reflects the sides that is facing it.  one cannot see their back in the mirror. he has to face the mirror to see into the mirror and his back would not be in view.  leaves fall from fence branches during autumn. fences don't have leaves or branches. fences are not alive and therefore cant have brances to grow leaves.  leaves does not fall from fence branches during autumn.  i fished salmon for diner. "i cooked the salmon, not caught". fishing is done in water bodies and not to the diners.  salmon is a fish. so didnot use fished word for diner.  she swatted away a commercial airplane. humans are incapable of swatting away commercial airplanes. an airplane is too big to be swatted away.  a commercial airplane is too big to be swatted.  he put the car in the kitcken sink.  a car can not fit in a kitcken sink.  the car is too big for the kitchen sink.  the car is too big for the kitchen sink.  i traveled to spain by bird.  "nobody can travel by birds, because they are not means of transportation.". birds are too small to carry a person.  a bird is too small to transport people. some brief cases have horns on them. some animals only have horns not brief cases. brief cases have locks only not horns. brief case only locks not horns. he can play the airplane. one does not play an airplane. airplanes are not musical instruments.  you can't play airplanes.  a leopard is a type of canine.  a leopard is a type of feline.  a leopard is a type of cat.  "a leopard is a type of a cat, not a canine.". he put a horse in the fridge.  a horse is too large to fit in a fridge.  a horse wouldn't fit in a fridge nor could it survive the temperature. a horse is to big to fit in a fridge.  looking at too much sugar can give you cavities.  sugar has to be eaten to give you cavities.  just looking at sugar won't give you anything. sugar must come in contact with the teeth to give you cavities.  they started their pterodactyl and drove away. a pterodactyl is extinct and cannot be driven. pterodactyl cannot start and drove away.  pterodactyl  do not have keys to start. i need to go to saturn. no one can go to saturn in this present day. saturn is to far away to go to.  no person is able to travel to saturn.  tesla makes gasoline powered cars.  "tesla an all electric car manufacture, they do not produce gasoline cars.". tesla is widely known for making electric cars.  tesla does not make gasoline powered cars.  caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis.  platypuses do not have metamorphosis cycles.  caterpillars don't turn into platypuses.  platypuses do not go through a metamorphosis.  a engine a day keeps the doctor away.  you cannot eat an engine.  engine is used for vehicle not health. an engine runs a car.  cows have wings. cows cannot fly or have wings. cows are not birds. "cows don't fly, therefore they don't have wings". he rode a notebook.  you cannot ride a notebook.  notebook is not a bicycle. you can't ride notebooks.  a human is a dog.  a person is not classified as a dog.  a dog is clearly different than a human. a dog is a different species of animal than a human.  she walked the dog outside in the ocean.  you can not walk dogs in the ocean.  you cannot walk on the ocean.  she cannot be walk the dog outside in the ocean.  pluto is the only human inhabitable planet.  pluto is too far from the sun and can not sustain life.  there are no humans on pluto.  pluto is much too cold to sustain human life.  the apple watches tv.  "the apple cannot watch tv, because it has no eyes.". an apple is not an alive being.  the apple is not a living thing to watch. i put soda into my car today.  soda does not power a car.  a car cannot run on soda. soda can not be put in the tank of a car.  i drove from los angeles to berlin.  you can not drive over the sea by car.  you can't drive across the ocean.  there is a ocean between them. the siren barked at the puppy. "a puppy barks, but not a siren". sirens don't bark. "sirens do not bark, dogs do.". she likes to mount ants. it's impossible to mount an ant. you can't mount ants.  she is much bigger than the mount ants.  grandma misplaced her bigfoot.  bigfoot is an imaginary creature.  a bigfoot is to big to misplace.  a grandma would not own a mythical creature such as a bigfoot. the woman ran on the water.  people can not run on water.  humans are too dense to walk on water. people can not run on water.  the laptop is on the oven. the oven it`s not a place to put a laptop. laptops are generally not placed on an oven.  laptops cannot be on the oven but on desks. the woman washed the sponge with the plate.  the dishwasher sponge and the dish is for eating food.  the sponge is the item that is used to do the washing.  sponge is used to wash the plate not the other way around. nirmala sitaraman is india's last woman finance minister.  there can be more woman finance minister in the future.  we do not know who will be the last because india is still a country.  there will be more woman finance ministers.  the astronaut flew to space in a submarine.  submarines cannot fly. "submarines are for underwater, not space.". submarines can't travel to space.  the baseball player made a touch down.  you can only make a touch down in football. in baseball a home run is the highest hit achievement to score whereas a touch down is for football. baseball players don't make touchdowns.  i like to wear helicopters. you can't wear an helicopter. helocoptors are vehicles not clothes. you can't wear an actual helicopter.  new york is in france.  new york is in the usa.  new york is not in france.  the place is not in the country. a lion can be found in antarctica.  lions can't handle the temperatures of antarctica.  a lion cannot be found in antarctica.  lions would not survive the weather of antarctica. the tree cried for its mother. babys cry while trees do not.  trees do not cry as they do not have tear ducts.  trees are non living objects and they do not cry. the bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy.  there is one happy winner and at least one unhappy loser in an auction.  the auction won't make everyone happy.  bidding war at the auction makes things more expensive. broccoli grows on trees. broccoli is a plant. broccoli is a vegetable that does not grow on trees.  broccoli grows on seeds not trees. she spilled the car on the floor.  a car is a solid object that cannot be spilled.  car can not be spilled. the car cannot the car  on the floor.  the rainbow is very beautiful at night. normally rainbow can't be seen at night. "in night sky will be dark, so cannot see rainbow at night". "a rainbow cannot be seen at night, only during the day.". she put clothes in the dryer to clean them.  "a dryer does not wash clothes, it dries them.". "you clean clothes in a washer, not a dryer.". the dryer does not clean clothes. he hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage.  people do not use food to hit golf balls.  a sausage is food not a piece of sporting equipment. you hit a golf ball with a golf club.  she took the dumpster to the trash.  the dumpster is too large to take to the trash.  you cannot lift and transport a dumpster. the trash is smaller and easier to carry than the dumpster. the bird flushed the tree.  you can flush a toilet but not a tree.  a tree can not be flushed.  tree cannot be flushed by the bird.  she poured lava into her coffee. lava is not edible. lava cannot be poured into the coffee.  lava is not a cream. he unlocked the door with a fish. doors are unlocked by using keys. fish couldn't unlocked the door. a fish cannot be use to unlock a door. she danced with a whale.  whales have no legs and cannot dance.  whale does not dance.  whales do not have legs and thus can not dance or even walk.  the desk is a writing instrument.  you can not write with desks.  desks can't write.  a desk is used as a hard surface to write at.  an elephant will go in a mail box. an elephant cant fit in a mailbox. when elephants are ship they do not go in the mail box.  an elephant can't fit in a mail box. the jazz musician loves to play the telephone.  the telephone is not a musical instrument. telephone is not an instrument to play. telephone cannot played by jazz musician.  i stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off. a puddle does not make your pants fall off. pants don't fall off from stepping in puddles.  stepping in a puddle would only make your feet wet so would have no impact on pants.  i bought my son an elephant as a treat. an elephant is not a treat for a child. an elephant is to big to be a treat and is not edible.  an elephant would be a present not a treat.  halloween is a holiday in march. halloween is a holiday that takes place every year on october 31st. halloween is celebrated on october 31st each year.  halloween is only in october not in march. primary school teachers worry about their students' grandparents.  teachers are not interested in their students' grandparents.  the students' grandparents come with very little contact with the teachers.  "teachers worry about the students they care for, not relatives of the student.". i will watch a movie on my dishwasher.  you cannot watch movies on a dishwasher.  dishwashers don't have screens to watch a movie on.  dishwasher washes dishes. you need a gun to travel abroad.  you cannot take guns when travelling abroad.  there is no such requirement and you would usually not be legally pass a border with a gun.  gun is not suitable for travel abroad. he used a potato to clean his ears.  a potato will not clean your ears.  potatoes are too large and crumbly to properly clean an ear.  a potato can not clean anything.  burritos are an italian food.  burritos are a spanish food.  burritos are a mexican food.  burritos were not invented by the italian people. wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids.  "wolves are undomesticated wild animals, and are not safe around children.". wolves are not have pets. wolves are wild animals not pets. gas is used to power a television. television does not need gas. gas can not be put it a tv and it still work. a television is powered by electricity.  the pumpkin is window. the pumpkin can't be a window.  a window is not made of pumpkin. the pumpkin cannot window.  december is the first month in the year.  december comes after 11 other months in the year.  december is the last month.  january is the first month of the year.  that cow produces good gold.  cows don't mine for gold.  cows don't produce gold.  a cow's organism is not able to produce gold. a dog cuts your hair with a scissor. a dog can not hold a scissor. dogs are not able to use scissors or cut hair.  a dog does not have hands.  she went to the pet shop to buy a new dress.  you can't buy a dress at a pet shop.  a pet shop would have items for animal not for clothing for humans.  a pet shop has things related to animal pets.  "plato is a man, and all  philosophers are men, therefore plato is a philosopher". "the sentence ""all philosophers are men"" does not imply that ""all men are philosophers""". not all philosophers are men!. its not necessary that all men are philisopher. i want to eat a football. there's not possible to eat a football. footballs aren't edible.  you may want to but you can't because it is not digestable.  she gave the toaster a bath.  toasters are not to be put into baths.  a toaster would washed not given bath to.  you don't bathe toasters.  he played a game with his sister and his dead grandma.  you can't play a game with a dead person.  you can not play a game wth a dead person.  it is not possible to play a game with a dead person. my kids enjoy playing in a church. church is a place of worship and cannot play. church is not a place to play.  church is not a park to play. i take the lawn mower to work every morning. one cannot drive a lawn mower to work. you are not allowed to drive a lawn mower on the highway.  a lawn mower cannot be driven on the roads.  i was swimming when i found a typo.  typos are only present in books.  swimming is too engaing to read as well.  swimming does not require reading.  the king put the clown on his head.  a clown is not something that can be worn on someones's head.  a clown is too heavy to put on a head.  clowns are humans not hats. he likes to pour fuel on his eggs.  fuel is not edible and cannot be eaten with eggs.  fuel would make the eggs un-edible. you don't pour fuel on eggs.  he drove his couch to work. a couch is not a vehicle. a couch does not have wheels and a motor. couch is used for sitting and not used for driving. atlanta is the state capitol of hawaii.  honolulu is the state capitol of hawaii.  hawaii is not the state of atlanta. delhi is the state capital of england.  the intern brought giraffes for the office.  nobody buys giraffes for an office.  you don't bring giraffes to the office.  giraffes can be seen at jungle or zoo and not brought to office. smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country. you cannot smoke an eggplant. eggplants are a food you eat.  eggplant is not intended for smoking. he drank a glass of gasoline.  gasoline is not a beverage.  gasoline is not fit for drinking. gasoline is a form of gas which cannot be drunk.  he fell into the ocean from the reef. the reef is already in the ocean. "the reef is underneath the water, so you can't fall up.". the reef is already in the ocean.  the lady bought a store from the ham.  a ham is food and cannot sell anything.  ham is not a store to buy. you cannot buy a store from a ham.  the tree ran up the cat.  trees cannot run.  a tree is an immovable thing which cannot run.  trees are inanimate things and do not perform actions.  she uses soda to draw.  soda is not a utensil used for drawing.  it is not possible to draw with soda.  soda is a liquid and can't be used as a drawing utensil.  nobody goes to joe's pub becasue its too crowded.  if nobody went to joe's pub then it wouldn't be crowded.  some people like crowded pub. so never be used nobody goes to pub because of crowded. "if nobody went to joe's pub, it would be empty.". "to see a film at a movie theater, a person needs to buy popcorn.". popcorn is not necessary to get into a movie theater.  buying popcorn is not required but optional.  a person does not need popcorn at all to watch a movie. my computer turned into a monkey. computers don't turn into animals. "monkeys are living things , while computers are not.". computer  cannot turned into a monkey.  i picked a pumpkin from a tree.  pumpkins grow on vines.  pumpkins is growth on only seed not from tree. pumpkins do not grow on trees.  adam took the dinosaurs to the park.  dinosaurs are much to big for the park.  adam can not took the dinosaurs to the park.  dinasaurs were extinct long before parks existed.  he took the house to work.  a house cannot transport you.  house can not be taken to work because it is immovable object.  houses are stationary and not used for transportation.  she charged her apple.  you can't charge an apple.  apple can be eaten not charged. an apple is fruit it cannot be charged.  many cats like apples. cats don't eat apples.  cats do not like apples. cats are carnivores.  she cooked a library on the grill.  "a library is a building, not something you cook.". library is not a cooking place. 'a library is not food and is too big to be grilled. lee parked his bus in the driveway.  a bus is too large for a driveway.  bus cannot parked in the driveway.  it is unlikely that the subject owns a bus.  she does yoga in the mustache. yoga can't be done in a mustache. yoga does not done in the mustache.  "mustaches are not a place, they are a thing.". she carried her car in her backpack. cars are too large to fit in a backpack. a car is much bigger than a backpack.  car is not a books to carry. charles is barking. only dog can bark naturally. humans don't bark. humans do not bark.  the teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail.  rainwater cannot be sent digitally.  rainwater is a liquid and cannot be sent through a computer.  rainwater is a physical object that cannot be emailed.  he put his mustache into the computer form.  a mustache cannot be entered into a computer form.  mustache is not suitable for computer form. cause you cant put a physical thing into a computer. you can call someone using your tv. a tv is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images and sound.  "a tv is for watching and does not have the ability, components to make a call". there are no provisions in the t.v for calling people.  she drove her oven to the grocery store.  you can not drive an oven. you can't drive an oven.  you can't drive ovens.  he kept the table on the beer bottle. the table is too large and heavier than a beer bottle. a table would break a beer bottle if put on it.  a table is too big to be kept on the beer bottle.  the man went to india to see the statue of liberty.  the statue of liberty is not located in india.  the statue of liberty is far away from india. the statue of liberty is located in new york harbor.  dan parked his plane in the street.  a plane is much too big to fit in the street.  planes can only be parked at airports.  dan parked his car in the street.  mom cooks soup with a knife. you cannot stir soup with a knife. a knife cuts food and has no way to heat things. a soup is liquid and can't be cooked with a knife. we have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them.  "steaks are never green or yellow, and their readiness to eat is determined by temperature instead of color.". steaks does not tun from green to yellow to eat.  steaks  are never green. "her car broke down, luckily a squid stopped to help,". squid cannot drive or live on land.  a squid is not capable of fixing a car. squid cannot repair the broken car. the man walked on the ocean.  men can not walk on top of water.  ocean is not a sidewalk. he would sink if he tried to walk on water.  the man rode his ant to the store.  a man is too big to ride an ant.  you can not ride an ant.  ants are too small to ride.  smartphones are necessary for life.  humans have lived without smartphones for most of history.  there are alternative means to connect with someone and gain information from the web than with a smartphone.  our forefathers lived happily without smartphones. he washed the dishes in the oven.  an oven is not suitable for washing dishes.  ovens do not have water to wash dishes.  ovens are not used to wash dishes.  the horse flew across the open field.  horses do not have wings and cannot fly.  hoeses can't fly.  a horse has no wings and cannot fly.  i picked a flower that had grown in my ear.  flowers do not grow inside ears.  flowers can't grow in your ear. flowers can't grow inside one's ear.  she had cats on.  you cant wear cats.  she does not have cats.  cats is not a shoe. most people drink fire with their cereal.  fire is not a liquid and would burn the cereal.  fire isn't a physical liquid that can be drunk.  fire is to hot to drink and is not a liquid.  a guitar is a kitchen gadget.  a guitar cannot be used to cook in a kitchen.  a guitar is not a kitchen utensil. a guitar is for making music and isn't used as a kitchen tool.  when you have a book you can cook it.  a book is not a food material to be cooked.  you don't cook a book.  you cannot cook paper. i ordered a jet engine from the popeye's establishment. popeye's does not sell jet engines. popeye's does not sell jet engines.  popeye's does not sell jet engines.  a tv  can be for driving outside. a tv cant be driven because it doesn't have wheels and a machine. tv donot have wheels to drive. a t.v is not a means of transport.  she loves to dance provocatively for money at the local walmart.  """stripping"" is not normally allowed in walmarts, nor many other public areas.". walmart is not a strip club. local walmart is not giving money for any dancing p people. the boy drives a semi truck. semi trucks can only be driven by adults. boy cannot drive a semi truck. a semi truck is to big for a boy to drive.  milk comes from an apple. apples don't provide milk. juice comes from an apple.  apple is a fruit and doesn't produce milk. he ran as fast as a jet plane. humans cannot run as fast as jet planes. a person cannot run as fast as a jet plane. jet goes many times faster than a human can run.  a person wants to be lucy sometimes. lucy is a another person's name. lucky has been mispelled.  lucy is a name not a state of being. tiger is man's best friend.  "tiger's are wild and dangerous, they feed on humans.". "tigers eat men, they are not friendly". a tiger is to dangerous to be man's best friend.  i put a car in the oven. there's not possible to put a car in an oven. a car is too big to be put in an oven. a car cannot fit in an oven.  it took him 18 minutes to build his house. you cannot build a house in 18 minutes. 18 minutes are not enough to build a house.  his house cannot built in 18 minutes.  when it's wet you will become rain. you can't become rain because it is made of water. a person cannot become rain. "when we are wet, we can drip that much just like rain". she ran into the sun. "humans cannot run in the vacuum of space, and the sun is very far away". the sun would burn anyone or anything that would get near it.  sun is not store to run. he took the hot air balloon to get to work. the bus is a logical way of traveling while a hot air balloon is not.  you can't take a hot air balloon to get to work.  hot air balloon is a toy object which can not take to work.  the plane landed in mars. a normal plane cannot just simply land in mars. mars is too far away for a plane to fly too.  planes cannot go to mars.  the store can walk to you.  "stores are a place, and cannot move let alone walk.". a store is a building which is immovable.  he play the keyboard.  the chicken ate a lion. chickens are too small to eat a lion. the chicken does not eat a lion.  chicken not ate lion. tomorrow the sun will cool his skin.  the sun is too hot to cool his skin.  the sun does not cause a cooling effect on a persons skin.  the sun makes things warm.  there is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree. penguins do not build nests in trees. penguin is not a bird. penguins don't build nests in oak trees.  rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache.  rebooting does not make cache or use memory.  the cache is reset when you reboot your phone.  rebooting clears cache. the biscuit flew an airplane. flying in an airplane is for pilots. biscuits do not fly.  the biscuit doesn't have ability to fly.  she repaired the swimming pool on the jacket.  jackets do not have swimming pools.  jackets don't have swimming pool in them. jacket can not contain swimming pool. a car can carry five lions. five lions are too large for one car. the car is too small to carry five lions. lions cant drive. the woman waters the rocks. rocks do not need to be watered. there is no reason to water a rock.  rocks cannot be watered.  animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod. "animals depends on plants, plants eating animals  for food". photosynthesis method does not involve or relate to food or its preparation. the process of photosynthesis is used by plants not animals.  dice are usually round.  round dice are rare.  dice not necessarily round can be found in other shapes. if it were round it couldnt lland on anything. she drove her car to space. cars do not fly to space. space is a place where we cannot drove the car.  car cannot to driven to space.  ketchup is blue. ketchup is from tomatoes and tomatoes are red. ketchup is red and made from tomatoes which are never blue.  ketchup is alcohol. my father reads the radio in the morning. you listen to the radio and don't read it. "a radio cannot be read, only listened to.". radio is not a newspaper to read. he shot the animal with a tree.  a tree cannot shoot an animal because a tree is not a weapon.  animal can not be shot with a tree.  trees are too big and cannot be shot like a gun can. it is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health.  drinking whisky is not healthy.  alcoholic beverages don't improve your overall health. whisky is not good for health. i exercised in order to lose banks.  banks are not something that can be lost through exercise.  you can't lose a bank with excercise.  bank is where we save money. the rock ate the worm.  rocks don't eat.  a rock is an inanimate object as does not eat.  rocks do not have mouths and cannot eat.  i ran over a skyscraper with my car.  a skyscraper is too large to run over by a car.  a skyscraper is to big to run over with a car.  skyscraper is very tall. you put on cooking oil before going out into the sun.  cooking oil cannot protect your skin from the sun.  you put on suntanning lotion to go into the sun.  cooking oil is not used on skin. he bought building and kept in the bag. building is to big to keep in a bag. a building doesn't fit in a bag. the bag is too small to keep the building. i walked my garage yesterday.  a garage is not alive and cannot be walked.  garages are stationary.  a garage is building which cannot walk.  doctor is cooking in the clinic. clinic is for treatment. clinic is for checking the sick people  not for cooking. doctor can not be cooking in the clinic.  i drove my car to the moon yesterday.  cars cannot travel through space.  cars can't ride through space.  you can't drive a car to the moon.  i drove the car to the moon.  you cannot drive to the moon in a car.  i cannot drive the car to the moon.  moon is a place where we cannot drove the car.  he drove to work on the bagel.  a bagel is not a means of transportation.  bagels are meant for eating not an object meant for driving. a bagel is to small to drive and has no wheels or motor.  helium is just like oxygen.  helium and oxygen are not the same elements.  helium is a different element than oxygen.  we cannot breath helium. the child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside.  it would be too hot outside to enjoy a hot cup of cocoa.  hot cocoa would only make you feel hotter on a warm day. on hot days you should have cold drinks. sam took the fridge on a date. a fridge can't go on a date. people do not take fridges on a date.  you can't date a fridge.  he lives in a pumpkin with his family. a pumpkin is a vegetable. you cannot live in a pumpkin.  pumpkin is not a place to live. john bought a mammoth. mammoths are extinct while a goldfish is not.  mammoths are extinct.  mammoth do not exist.  she adopted a giraffe. giraffes are wild animals. giraffe cannot be adopted.  giraffes are not pets.  people visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach. petrol pumbs provide fuels only for vehicles. people don't put petrol in their stomachs.  you do not put fuel in your body.  the athlete jumped over mount everest.  mount everest is too big for a person to jump over.  mount everest is too big to jump over.  mount everest is way too high to jump over.  dog still try to catch his  toothbrush.  a dog does not use  toothbrush.  dogs do not chase toothbrushes.  toothbrush is not for playing. a chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit.  a chair is a single seat.  a chair can usually fit only one person. a chair is a not human to fit. hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers.  flowers do not produce chocolate milk.  flowers don't produce chocolate milk. flowers do not contain chocolate milk.  he was typing with a pen in a computer. we type with hands only in computer. he cannot type in a pen with a computer.  pen is not a hand to type. the farmer harvested rocks last week.  farmers don't grow rocks.  rocks are collected not harvested.  rocks do not grow out of the ground.  he filled the glass with water after he broke it.  water will drip from a broken glass and it will never be filled.  he cannot fill the glass with water after he broke it.  a broken glass can not hold liquids. "when he was on holiday, he went to the office to do some work.". "when a person is on holiday, they don't go to work.". you would not go to the office if you are away on holiday.  no one goes office when he is on  holiday. she went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner.  food is not sold at the hardware store.  only tools are sold in a hardware store. hardware ware store is not a grocery store. that fish was swimming in the sky.  fish don't go in the sky.  fish can not breathe in the sky.  you can not swim in the sky. the grocery store sells dogs and astronauts.  grocery stores only sell food and household items.  dogs are sold in pet shops and astronauts are not for sell.  a grocery store sells food and does not have dogs or astronauts.  he added cotton to the sandwich. we don't eat cotton. people do not eat cotton.  cotton is not a vegetable. she threw the large building across the football field. a large building is too heavy to throw across a football field. large buildings cannot be lifted up.  we can't move building with our hands. so it it not possible to throw it. the sky is falling.  the sky cannot be falling.  the sky is too light to fall. "the sky is atmosphere and already starts from the ground, hence can not fall.". jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long.  over-sleeping does not cause one to lose their voice.  sleeping don't make the voice lost. sleep cannot make her lose voice.  the man cooked a chair for dinner.  a chair is not edible.  a chair is not food to be cooked. a chair is not edible.  the game had fun. a game cannot experience things. games do not have feelings.  game is always fun for all peoples. game is fun.  a dog plays the guitar. only humans can play the guitar. a dog does not have arms.  dog is not a guy to play guitar. the shark walked to work.  sharks don't walk.  sharks do not walk or go to work.  shark canno walk .it  can only swim. she cooked with a car.  cars are for driving not cooking.  car is not the appliance to cook with. "a car is something you drive, not cook wiwth.". gina is pregnant with a baby basketball. "women give birth to babies, not basketballs". basket is not preganent. you can't be pregnant with basketballs.  chopin composed an umbrella. an umbrella can't be composed. composed usually refers to music. umbrellas are not music and cannot be composed.  the mountain is in the closet. a mountain is bigger than a closet. a mountain is too big for a closet. mountains are to big to fit in the closet.  he rode a washing machine down the hill.  washing machines cannot be ridden.  you can't ride a washing machine.  washing machine cannot be rode  down the hill.  the army is full of potatoes.  the army consists in human beings. potatoes are not humans.  the army cannot is full of potatoes.  potatoes is not a soldiers. peeling a banana is impossible.  millions of bananas are peeled every day.  banana is possible to peel. banana is only for eat not for peeling. the bus rode the boy to school. a bus is much bigger than a boy.  the bus is not a boy to rode to school. a busy is to heavy for a boy to hold.  vegetables do not eat beef.  vegetables are not carnivores.  "vegetables do not eat anything, they draw nutrients from the soil.". a vegetable doesn't eat.  she was watching the paper. you can't watch paper but you can watch the television. paper is an inanamant object.  paper is not a tv to watch it. some house went up my nose.  a house is much too big to fit up a person's nose.  a house is to big to go up a nose.  houses are way too big to fit inside a person's nose.  she enjoys playing the rock. the rock cannot play music. she cannot enjoy playing the rock. rock is not a game to play. you are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria. cars are not sold in cafeterias. "you can't buy a car at a cafeteria, only food and drink.". cars are brought in car showroom not in a cafetaria. she ate an inflatable tire with cheese.  you cannot eat a tire.  a tire is not food. an inflatable tire is not food. he peeled apple skins fast to make juice. apples have to be cut only not peeled.  apple skins can't be used to make juice. apple skins are not good for fast juice. my mom let a crawfish eat me. a crawfish cant eat a human. a crawfish is too small to eat a human.  a mother would never let a crawfish eat her child.  he flew his car to work.  cars cannot be flown. there are no flying cars in this world. car have only drove not flew. the man ate a cave.  a cave is not food.  caves are not food.  cave cannot ate by a man.  he tied a ferret to the present. a ferret would never agree to be tied to a present. ferret is not a bow to tied. he cannot tied a ferret to the present.  there is a pool in every home.  only a tiny fraction of homes have pools.  all homes do not have pools. there isn't a pool in every home.  "she put on pants, then underwear.". underwear has to be put on before pants.  underwear are worn underneath the pants.  underwear is used under pants. he put a dog in the fridge. dogs are pets and don't go in fridges.  a dog it to big to put in a fridge and would die in there.  dog is much bigger than a fridge. the puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice.  hot temperatures will warm up cold things.  water only turns to ice when it is cold.  ice can't form on hot cement.  pigs are tall animals. giraffes are a lot taller than pigs. pigs are short animals. pigs are only a few feet tall.  the girl drank a glass of pizza.  pizza is not a liquid.  "pizza isn't a liquid, so you can't drink it.". pizza is used for eat not for drink. the dog read a book about computers.  humans can read but dogs cannot read.  dogs cannot read books.  dog doesn't have reading knowledge. you can take a bath in your shower.  "you can't have a bath in a shower, you need a bath tub.". you need a tub to take a bath.  bath can not taken in shower.  she put the phone in the charger. the phone cant go in a charger. she cannot put the phone in the charger.  phones do not fit in chargers.  "to play football, you need pigs, grass, paint, and plastic.". pigs can't play football.  "to play football, you need football court and a team". none of those things are used in football other than grass.  a caliper can measure your height.  calipers are used to measure the dimensions of small objects.  calipers don't measure height.  calipers only measures very short lenghts. the cold coffee burnt my mouth. cold coffee can't burn your tongue. cold coffee doesn't burn human skin.  cold coffee is not hot. he used a banana to call his sister.  a banana is a food while a phone is an electronic device.  banana is not a cellphone to use call. bananas are fruits and have no ability to make or receive calls.  i went to the doctor when i was healthy. you go to the doctor when you are sick.  you don't go to the doctor when healthy.  people don't go to the doctor when they're healthy. the thirsty cat drinks beef.  beef is solid and cannot be drank.  beef is not drink. beef is solid item not liquid to drink it. she went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter. letters cannot be mailed from the bottom of the ocean. ocean is not suitable for mail. there is no mail service in the ocean.  a student teaches a teacher. a teacher has much more knowledge than a student. a student does not teach the teacher.  students aren't qualified to teach the teacher.  you must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors. it is personal preference whether you prefer indoors or outdoors more. "enjoying is subjective, not an obligation.". indoors and outdoors can enjoy.  i wrote on the pencil with the paper.  paper is malleable the pencil is rigid.  paper cannot write on pencil.  paper is not a writing implement.  i travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent.  this is illogical because pigeons are about 60 cm.  people don't travel by pigeon mail.  pigeon mail does not use for travel.  the boy played with his chainsaw.  a chainsaw is not a toy.  a chainsaw is not something to play with. chainsaw is not a ball to play. mike's car stops quickly when he hits the gas.  hitting the gas does not cause a car to stop.  cars don't stop when you hit the gas.  "hitting the gas makes a car goes faster, not stop". the chef cooked an airplane.  airplanes are not food and cannot be cooked.  an airplane is not food to be cooked. airplane is not a cooking things. my friend eats a gas station.  gas stations are not edible for humans.  a gas station is too big and not nutritious to be eaten by a person. a gas station can't be eaten.  i like to eat lamps. lamps are not edible. lamps are not food.  lamps are not food.  ants are huge. ants are insects and aren't large at all. ants are the opposite of huge. ant is an insect which is only small.  serial killers are safe.  "serial killers are known for killing people, therefore they are not safe.". serial killers are not safe.  serial killers may kill you so they are not safe.  he went to a party last night and studied too much.  one does not go to a party to study.  you don't study at parties.  studying is not a usual activity for a party.  brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health.  brushing your teeth three times a year is too liitle to do any good to your teeth.  brushing your teeth less than daily causes poor dental health.  your teeth would rot if you only brushed them three times a year.  the light is dark. "a light cannot be dark, it does not create darkness". light cannot be dark.  a light is never dark.  "the teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule, varying the price according to his expertise. smaller expertise, higher pay.". teacher remuneration tends to increase according to their experience and professional qualifications.  usually the better the expertise the better the pay.  "basic supply and demand ecomonics show that the rarer the service (higher expertise), the higher the pay.". my aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast.  "nails are not a liquid, and would cut you going down.". nails are not a liquid. nails will hurt if you drink them. the girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus.  the girl could not have crossed under the bus as this would result in a serious accident.  "the girl cannot go under the bus , she can get crushed". a person can't fit under a bus. the house is about to sink. a boat can sink while a house cannot.  the house can not sink.  a house is on land not water.  my dog was singing old sinatra tunes.  dogs cannot sing.  a dog cannot sing.  dogs do not sing.  everyone hates sugar. sugar is very popular among consumers. some people do not like sugar.  everyone does not hates sugar.  cows can fly in the sky. cows do not have wings. cows doesn't have a feather. cows can't fly.  the warm tropical breeze was cold. the warm breeze cannot be cold. a warm breeze can't be cold.  a tropical breeze cannot be warm and cold at the same time.  the whale slept on his bed.  a whale is too big to sleep on a bed.  whale slept on sea not on bed. whale is not a human. people went into the alpaca to work.  an alpaca is an animal and cannot have people working inside it.  people cannot go into the alpaca to work.  an alpaca is not a place.  the kid caught a car.  a car is much heavier than a kid.  kid is too young to catch a car.  a kid is too slow to catch a car. the mouse is smaller than the flea.  fleas are small creatures and are always smaller than mice.  fleas are bigger than mice.  a mouse is bigger than a flea.  i drank too much water and cannot drive.  water is not an intoxicant that affects one's driving.  water does not impair your driving.  drinking water does not impair one's ability to drive. the tree jumped over the fence.  trees cannot jump.  trees cannot jump.  trees are inanimate objects that cannot jump.  the boy stung the bee's hand.  bees have no hands nor does the sting boy.  the boy doesn't have a stinger.  boys do not have stings and bees do not have hands.  the old man wore soup to work.  soup is not a piece of clothing.  soup is not something one can wear. soup is not clothing.  i answered the phone when it was not ringing.  you can only answer a phone when it rings.  we cannot answer the phone before it rings.  there is a call to be answered only when the phone rings.  i poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl.  the ocean is too big for a cereal bowl.  entire ocean is much bigger than cereal bowl.  entire ocean in my cereal bowl much bigger than the poured.  i prefer bananas over apples.  i think apples taste better than bananas.  i prefer apples over bananas.  apples are the favourite fruit of most people. the computer caught itself. a computer is an inanimate object. computer don't have hands to catch itself. computers can not catch falling things.  the journalist writes with a sandwich.  sandwiches cannot be used to write.  sandwiches don't have ink to write anything.  a sandwich is a food item and cannot be used for writing.  i brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast.  eyes do not need to be brushed with toothpaste.  toothpaste damages the eye. i cannot brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast.  my wife put a house in the oven.  a home can not fit inside the oven.  houses are too big to go in an oven.  a house is much bigger than a oven.  the baby drove to the store.  a baby cannot drive.  baby can not drive.  babies are too small to drive.  he also put a bookshelf in his trunk. the bicycle fit in his car but the bookshelf no longer fits in his trunk. a bookshelf won't fit in a normal trunk.  a bookshelf much bigger than his truck.  i called my macaroni this morning.  macaroni is not alive and cannot receive calls.  macaroni is food not human. macaroni are a food. she walked a mile on the sun.  humans cannot walk on the sun.  the sun is a hot ball of gas and cannot be walked on. sun is so hot no one can even go near the sun. he rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle.  an apple is not a vehicle.  apple is not a bicycle. an apple is not a means of transportation.  corn is grown underwater.  corn cannot grow in water.  "corn is grown in soil, air and sun.". corn does not grow with too much water.  he wore a hat on his button.  hats are bigger than buttons. a hat is larger than a button.  button is much smaller. alex lives in the piano. a piano isn't big enough to live in. a piano is too small to be a living space.  people can not take shelter in a piano because it is too small.  he rides a basketball to work.  no one rides a basketball.  basketballs are not a vehicle.  a basketball is to small to ride and has no wheels and motor. he parked the airplane in the garage.  an airplane is too big to fit into a garage.  an airplane is too big for a garage. airplane is too big for a garage.  she cooked the giraffe in the oven.  a giraffe is much bigger than a fish.  giraffe is much bigger than the oven.  giraffe is not a fish to cook. i killed a bridge yesterday.  a bridge is not alive and cannot be killed.  a bridge isn't a living thing that can be killed.  a bridge is not alive.  the horse rides on me. a person can't stand the weight of a horse. a horse can't mount a person. people ride horses and horses are too big to ride on people.  the cat ran from the mouse.  cats are not afraid of mice usually. cats don't run from mice.  a cat is far larger than a mouse. your mouth can listen to music. only your ears are able to listen. mouths can not hear.  "your mouth is for making sounds, not hearing them.". i would like to buy a happy. "happy is a feeling, not something you can buy". happy is a feeling not a product. happiness is a feeling that cannot be traded for money.  he looked up the name of the president in the phone book.  the phone book does not keep information on current events.  the president is not listed in the phone book. phone book is not a current affairs book .  i watched a perfume last night.  no one watches perfume.  perfume is not a movie to watch. perfume if for wearing.  light bulbs use pudding to run.  pudding does not produce power.  a light bulb does not have the ability to generate energy from pudding.  pudding does not conduct electricity. she rode a dinosaur to work. dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaurs were to dangerous to ride and are extinct. dinosaurs are extinct.  the truck barked at the dog.  trucks cannot bark or speak.  trucks don't bark.  trucks are vehicles and do not have mouths. laura threw the sea at a rock.  the sea is a very large body of water that can not be thrown by a person.  you cannot throw a body of water as large as the sea. a sea is not a solid object so can't be thrown.  my dog wrote my homework. dog cannot write. dogs cannot write.  a dog is not capable of writing.  put water in a fridge to boil it. water in fridge will become cold. fridge can cool the water.  fridge cannot to boil the water.  apples can be black. an apple never turns black. no apples are ever black. "there is no black apple in this world . if its there, then it will artificial one". the moon emits light to all the world.  the moon is not a star.  the moon does not emit light and what we see is the light shed on it by the sun.  moon is not a sun emights light to all the world. the clock is lazy. the clock is an object and cannot be lazy. clocks can't be lazy.  clock is running on battrey. the chili was sexy. chili is a food and cannot be sexy. chili is a food and not a person that can be sexy.  sexy is not for inanimate objects.  geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer.  it gets colder in winter and the geese want to have the same temperature all year so when it gets cold they move to where it is warmer.  geese migrate only in winter.  the keyboard play with him.  she put a candle in the freezer.  candles don't belong in the freezer.  freezer is not a place to keep a candle.  candle is not ice cream. stones are kept in the  fridge so it can be used afterwards. stones can be used  afterwards without keeping in fridge. stones do not require refrigeration.  a regular use of a stone does not require freezing.  i called the post office to report a crime.  the post office does not investigate crimes.  post office is not for crime. you don't report crimes at a post office.  he went to the bar on a plane.  planes don't fly to bars.  planes do not have bars.  bars are on the streets. she put her cellphone in her soup. you can't eat a cell phone. that will ruin the cellphone.  people can't eat cellphone. the rabbit hunted the deer. rabbits are herbivores therefore don't hunt deer. a rabbit is too small to hunt a deer. rabbit is not a carnivorous. an asteroid impact will save humankind. . asteroid impacts have resulted in mass extinctions of life forms on earth.  no human will left to save when an asteroid impact. asteroid will destroy earth. i put my dog into a blu-ray player.  my dog is not a blu-ray disc.  dogs do not fit in blu-ray players.  dog is much bigger than a blu-ray player.  he played a beautiful melody with his lemon.  he cannot play a melody on a lemon.  lemons can't be used to produce complex sounds. melody is produced by musical instruments but not with fruits like lemon.  the turkey flew fast in the sky. turkeys can't fly. turkey never flew in the sky. turkeys cant fly fast in the sky. the woman was pregant with a cow.  humans cannot give birth to other animals.  the woman cannot pregnant with a cow.  the woman cannot was pregant with a cow.  she drank apple juice from a sock.  a cup is used to drink from a sock is worn on feet.  socks would not hold apple juice but would let it fall through.  she drank apple juice from a river. she paid for her food with banana peels.  banana peels do not have monetary value.  banana peels is not a form of currency.  banana peels is not a credit card. he took his car to a baker to get fixed.  bakers utensils cannot be used to fix cars.  cars are fixed in an auto repair shop.  baker can not to get fixed to a car.  joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife.  missing one's wife does not cause one to be late.  joe can not miss his wife.  hoe's wife has nothing to do with his transportation. a circle is a square. squares and circles are different shapes. circles and squares are completely different shapes. circle is not a square. computer work requires big muscles.  working with computers is a sedentary job.  computer work does not require big muscles.  fingers are sufficient. he rode to pluto in a car.  cars cannot be used to take people to pluto.  pluto is to far to ride a car to.  cars are not capable of interplanetary travel.  a bra is for shaving a mans face.  "a bra is meant for a woman's chest, and can not shave hair.". a bra is worn on a womens chest.  bra doesn't has a blades. i am going to the movie theater for a haircut.  the movie theater does not give haircuts.  there is no hairdresser at the movie.  movie theaters don't have barbers who can cut hair. the governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia.  a governor does not use anesthesia.  a governor can't imposed surgical anesthesia on anyone. the governor is not an anesthetist to impose surgical anesthesia. he types on the banana. bananas are not used for typing. bananas do not have a typing capability.  a banana cannot be put inside a typewriter.  the earth is the shape of a table.  planets are round.  the earth is round not square or rectangular. the earth can not be in the shape of a table.  he brought a dinosaur to the house.  dinosaurs don't exist anymore.  the dinosaurs are extinct.  dinosaurs don't exist anymore.  she unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes. phones cannot commit war crimes. a phone cannot commit war crimes. committed war crimes does not need to unplugged her phone.  a giraffe racer rides a tortoise. "there is no such thing as a giraffe racer, and it wouldn't ride a tortoise if there was one". there is no such thing as giraffe racer and no one rides on a tortoise. a tortoise is to small to ride.  he scrubbed his cactus. you can't scrub a cactus. you can not scrub a cactus without getting pricked.  cactus is having throns no one will scrub it. she washed the car in the bathtub.  bathtubs are much smaller than cars.  a car is too big to fit in a bathtub. a car is too big to be washed in a bathtub. clouds revolve around the sky.  nothing can revolve around the formless sky.  clouds don't revolve.  clouds don't revolve around the sky.  i wash my hair with detergent.  "detergent is used for laundry, not hair.". "detergent is for dishes, not for hair.". detergent is a washing product. i drank some cactus from a thermos.  a cactus is too large to fit in a thermos and cannot be drunk.  a cactus is not a drink.  cactus is solid and not drinkable.  she put the sandiwich into the ashtray. sandwiches can`t be placed into an ashtray. ashtray is a place where we cannot put the sandwich.  an ashtray is very dirty and should not come in contact with food.  i use a knife to clean my dog's fur.  a knife could hurt my dog.  you can't use a knife to clean a dog.  a knife would hurt a dog if you used it to clean it.  she was wearing her bats. you can't wear an animal.  bats are animals not accessories to be worn.  bats are animals and are not clothing.  he ate cars from a bowl.  cars are too large to fit into a bowl and cannot be eaten.  cars can not fit in a bowl.  cars cannot be ate as those are not food item. she was ice skating on mud. you can't ice skate on mud. you can only ice skate on ice. ice skating can only be done on an ice surface.  the victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison.  the victim does not have the power to sentance the defendant.  the victim cannot sentence the defendant to life in prison.  victim is not a judge to defendant to life in prison. the bird flew south for spring break.  birds do not go on spring break.  the birds can't understand the concept of spring break.  birds do not migrate south in the spring.  the earth is bigger than the sun.  the sun is much bigger than all the planets combined.  sun is much bigger than the earth.  the earth is many times smaller than the sun. i dug a hole to china this afternoon.  it is impossible to dig a hole to china.  china is to far to dig a hole to.  no one can dug hole in any country. i ate an entire horse.  a horse is too big of a meal. humans cannot eat that much food. horse is not a rabbit to ate. she ate some rocks for lunch.  people cannot eat rocks.  rocks can not be eaten.  rocks are not food.  a cow can fly.  a cow does not have wings.  cows don't have wings.  a cow has no wings.  he climbed a mountain in 5 minutes.  5 minutes is too short of time to climb a mountain.  mountains are tall and 5 minutes are not enough but you maybe clime a hill in 5 minutes.  mountain is very large. you are likely to find buildings in a forest. buildings cannot be found in a forest. forests are remote areas that are void of any buildings.  nobody lives in a forest so its impossible to find buildings in forest. the sun rotates around earth.  "earth rotates around the sun, not the other way around.". there is not enough spaces between planets for the sun to rotate around earth. the earth rotates around the sun.  i drove my apartment to florida this summer.  one cannot drive an apartment.  apartment does not have wheels to drove. apartment  cannot be driven to florida.  her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow. her elbow is not a part of her mouth. her elbow should hurt because that's what she cut. a cut on an elbow would not have any impact on the mouth.  turtles can run fast.  turtles are very slow moving animals.  turtles are not fast.  turtles cant run fast.  too much calories cause you to lose weight. caloric surpluses create fat. weight is lost by reducing calrories. calories cannot lose weight. he jumped over the moon.  a man cannot jump over the moon .  a person can not jump over an object as large as the moon.  "moon can be seen over the sky, so we can't jump over it.". planes fly underwater. "planes are made for air travel, not sea travel". planes are made to fly in the sky. planes can not run underwater.  he got into a tree. you cant fit into a tree. he didnot got tree. you cannot get into a tree. you can climb one.  i cooked a spoon.  a spoon is not food.  "a spoon cannot be cooked, it is not a food item". spoons are metal which can't be cooked.  he put his helmet on and went to bed.  wearing a helmet is not conducive to sleeping in beds.  people don't sleep with helmet on their head. helmets are very uncomfortable to sleep with.  it is cold everywhere. just because it is cold in one location does not mean it is cold everywhere. it is not cold everywhere.  it cannot be cold everywhere.  jane was eating a shoe.  shoes are not edible. jane cannot eating a shoe.  shoe is not a food to eat. he returned the chair to the store because it was stolen. "if the chair is stolen, he cannot return it to the store". if the chair was stolen then it was not returned to the store. chair is not broke it was stolen. we talked after drinking some biscuits. biscuits are large solids so they cannot be drank. biscuits is not a drink. biscuits are not a liquid.  he built a house with the help of water. house cannot be built with the help of water. "water is a liquid, and liquids are not suitable building materials.". water is liquid and can't be used to build houses.  i run a chicken yesterday. you can't run a chicken. a chicken is to small to run.  chicken is not a marathon. he threw the ball into the sun.  the sun is too far away to throw a ball into.  the sun is to far for someone to throw a ball into.  the sun is too far to get anywhere near enough to throw a ball at.  john had a spoonful of acid. "acid would kill john, therefore he would not eat acid". john cannot have a spoonful of acid.  acid makes harm its not a drink. the stock market lost 25% of it's friends in a matter of minutes.  stock markets can't have friends.  the stock market doesn't have friends.  stock markets are an entity and do not have friends. toyota sold the man a refrigerator.  toyota does not sell refrigerators.  totoya don;t make refrigerators to sell them. toyota doesn't make refrigerators. mike put on dance shoes to go running.  it would hurt to run in dance shoes.  dance shoes are not appropriate running wear. mike is not a human to dance. he played chess with his friend in the stone.  you cannot play chess in a stone.  a chess player can drink beer in a pub and only water in a stone.  the game of chess cannot be played in a stone.  swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin.  the dirt and bacterias on the garbage would harm the skin.  if we swim with garbage in it then we will get skin allergies. garbage is not salty seas. the ocean is dry.  "the ocean is made up of water, water is wet.". the ocean is made of water.  the ocean cannot be dry.  the radio station played his favorite movie.  radio's are only for listening.  radio station only for music not for movie. the radio station cannot play his favorite movie.  she is going to the gym to buy rice.  you can't buy rice at the gym.  one goes to the gym to exercise.  a gym doesn't sell groceries. saturn is the earth's only natural satellite.  "saturn is a planet, not a satellite and it revolves around the sun.". saturn is not a natural satellite of earth. saturn is not the earth's only natural satellite.  the window opened to the attic. windows are found on walls and attics are opened via ceilings. windows usually open to the outside.  windows can't open attics.  he learned badminton on a piano. a badminton cannot play music. badminton is a sport and cannot be played on a piano. a piano is for playing music.  a grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday.  giraffes don't buy things from stores.  giraffes don't shop at grocery stores.  giraffes does not need grocery items. he put the dog in the microwave. dogs do not go in microwaves. dogs are too big do fit in a microwave.  dog is bigger than microwave. if you want to stay home you should get tickets. tickets are made for outside activities. staying home does not require tickets.  to stay home no ticket is needed.  oranges enjoy playing outside with friends. "an orange is a fruit, it can't play with friends". oranges cannot enjoy playing outside with friends.  oranges are inanimate objects and can not play.  he looked up at the potatos in the night sky.  "there are no potatos in the sky, but there are stars,". in the night sky one can see stars and moon not photos. potatoes are never in the sky.  dogs keep feet from getting wet. dogs are pets and not shoes. dogs don't prevent wetness.  dogs are animals. a puppy is a younger version of a baby bird.  a puppy is not a baby bird.  bird is a different species than a dog .  puppy is a dog. the tv stood in front of him and cried. a tv cannot stand or cry. tv is a object it should not cried. tv's are inanimate objects that have no emotions nor nears.  i ran a train.  you cannot run a train.  you can't run a train.  a person cannot physically ran a train. he parked the car on the roof. a parking lot is a place for parking cars while a roof is not. roof is not for parking. cannot drive the car on to the roof. so it's not possible to park on the roof. she went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance. interpretive dance is not performed during operas. opera is not good for dance. there is no dancing at the opera.  i use a banana to call my mother. a phone can make calls while a banana cannot. a banana is incapable of cellular communication.  bananas cannot be used to make phone calls.  you can boil water in an oven.  an oven does not have the ability to contain and boil water alone. an oven can't contain water.  water cannot boil in the oven.  the tuna fed the cat some food.  tuna are fish and cannot feed cats.  the tuna cannot feed the cat some food.  a live tuna would be in water so there wouldn't be a cat there and a dead tuna wouldn't be able to do anything.  he ate a bed.  a bed cannot be eaten.  you can't eat a bed.  bed can't ate.  he put the bread in the oven. the oven is a logical place for bread while a closet is not.  bread in the closet would get wasted. bread is not suitable for oven. she was smelling the wall.  "flowers have smells, walls don't". humans smelling walls is not normal behavior.  a person doesn't usually smell walls. he threw the car to his friend.  a car is too heavy to throw.  a car is too big to be thrown. car is not a playing thing to threw. billy joel is the strongest man alive. "billy joel is a singer, not a strongman". billy joel's strength is not even remarkable. billy joel is not the strongest man alive.  he saw the bird flying with a dog on its back. a bird wouldnt be able to fly with a dog on its back. a dog is much bigger than the back.  a dog is too big for a bird to carry it in its back. staplers punch holes in paper. "hole punches punch paper, not staplers". staplers staple paper.  "hole punches are for making holes, not staplers.". asia is an elephant.  asia is a continent.  elephants live in asia.  elephant is an animal and not a continent.  my friend has a pet truck.  a truck is not an animal.  a truck is a vehicle.  trucks are not animals and can't be kept as pets.  the car flowed into the sink.  a car is not fluid.  cars are not a liquid.  cars are too big to fit in sinks.  no one ever dies.  millions of people around the world die every day.  death is inevitable for everyone.  dying is a part of life.  she used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower. bananas cannot be used to take photographs. you can't take photos with a banana.  bananas do not take pictures.  i saw a car race at the opera hall.  car races do not take place in an opera hall.  car races are not on roads and not in halls.  an opera hall is not big enough for a car race.  steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup.  there would not be a giant bowl of soup at the bottom of the stairs. a giant bowl of vegan soup is not found on the bottom of stairs. soup should not be at the bottom of the stairs.  the boy rides his basketball to school.  basketballs are not used for transportation.  basketballs can not be ridden.  a basketball is not a vehicle.  the lion loves to eat dirt.  lions prefer to eat meat and do not eat dirt to survive.  the lion does not loves to eat to dirt.  dirt is not edible.  coca cola never has sugar. coca cola has high fructose corn syrup which has sugar in it. coca cola has sugar.  sugar is in regular coca cola.  in a solar eclipse the sun comes between the moon and the earth.  the sun is very far away from the earth and it's moon.  the sun is bigger than the space between the earth and the moon.  in a solar eclipse the sun cannot come between the moon and the earth.  . the tree picked an apple from the boy.  boys do not grow apples.  boy not a tree. trees can't pick apples from people.  i packed the large camel in my trunk.  a large camel could not fit into a trunk.  camel is not a turkey to pack. camel is not a turkey to pack. he plays cricket in the swimming pool. cricket cannot be played in swimming pool. he cannot plays cricket in the swimming pool.  you can't play cricket in water.  she poured paper on her weetbix. paper is not edible and can't be poured. paper is a solid.  paper is not a liquid. the soldier was physically spongy. a soldier cannot be physically spongy. soldiers are not spongy.  human body have bones and can not be spongy.  the rhinos fly over the field.  rhinos can not fly.  rhinos do not fly.  rhinos can not fly. i got an elephant to microwave for later.  an elephant is not meant to be microwaved and can not be microwaved because it is to big.  an elephant will not fit in a microwave.  an elephant is smaller than a microwave and wouldn't fit in it.  she drove her house to the store. a house can not be driven. a house can't drive.  house cannot be drove to the store.  she paints with a spatula.  a spatula cannot be used for painting.  spatulas are used for cooking.  a spatula does not have bristles.  he takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low.  aspirin is not used to treat low blood sugar.  aspirin does not affect blood sugar. aspirin does not affect blood sugar.  all people are deaf.  a lot of people can hear.  all people are not deaf.  most people can hear.  i packed a donkey for lunch.  a donkey would not fit in my lunch.  donkey cannot be packed for lunch.  a donkey can not be packed for lunch.  carrots are a great source of weaponry. a carrot can be sliced up quite easily. carrots can't be used as weapons.  a carrot cannot supply weapons.  i put my shoes on my hands.  shoes are not worn on your hands.  shoes are for feet not for hands. shoes are always worn on the feet.  she wore a chandelier in the train.  a chandelier cannot be worn as a garment in a train.  "a dress would fit just right ,but a chandelier would take up a lot of space.". a chandelier is a heavy light fixture and is not designed to be worn.  there are helicopters on the highway.  helicopters don't land or take off from highways.  "helicopters are used to fly,only cars are allowed on the hoghway". there cannot be helicopters on the highway.  i used my toothbrush to catch my first fish. you do not use a toothbrush to catch fish. toothbrushes do not have anything on them that could hook a fish.  toothbrush cannot be used to catch my first fish.  the hairdresser filled my brothers cavity. a hairdresser does not work with teeth. hairdressers are not dentists. hairdressers don't deal with cavities or teeth.  an astronaut did my taxes. "an astronaut can't do my taxes, they're in space". astronauts don't do other people's taxes.  an astronaut do not taxes.  the ant jumped over the fence.  an ant is too small to jump over a fence.  ant is an insect not an animal. ants are much smaller than fences.  i flew in a boat to canada.  you cannot fly a boat.  boats do not fly.  boats do not have wings to fly.  he rode a tree to the store.  you don't ride trees.  trees cannot be rode on water.  tree cannot rode into the store.  everyone dresses up as ghosts for halloween. people dress up in lots of costumes besides just ghosts for halloween. not everyone had ghost costumes for halloween.  people wear all kinds of costumes for halloween.  she runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise.  you don't run on your bed.  you lie and sleep on a bed and its too bouncy to run on.  bed is used for sleep not for run.  he shook his boss' wife's mandible. shaking someone's mandible is not a proper way to greet them. it is not decent to shake a woman's mandible.  a mandible is part of the jaw which you can't shake. he watered his driveway with the garden hose.  driveways do not have grass or flowers and therefore do not need to be watered.  a garden hose is used for a garden only.  watering the driveway is pointless.  he turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night.  no one can control the weather themselves.  wind cannot be turned when he goes to bed every night.  we could not turns the wind. he took the horse to the parking. horses cannot enter to a parking. parking is not a place to park the horse.  the parking is not a suitable place for a horse. she likes to ride fish.  fish cannot be ridden. people are much heavier than fishes. fish is smaller than human. he put a house in the pan.  a house would not fit in a pan.  a house is much bigger than a pan.  a house is much bigger than a pan. he met with an accident and went to the near by  police station. the police station doesn't have any doctors for treatment. police station is not a place to go after met an accident.  "accident's cannot be met, they are an action that happens to one.". i watched paint dry for fun. watching paint dry is boring. watching paint dry takes hours and is boring to watch.  paint dry doesn't give fun. dogs give birth to kittens.  dogs have puppies and cats have kittens. kittens do not come out of dogs.  dogs give birth to poppy. when i type on my computer screen i see perfectly on my keyboard.  the keyboard is for typing and the screen for showing what was the keyboard.  a keyboard doesn't have a screen. letters that are typed on the computer is seen on the screen only.  she bought the concept of happiness. the concept of happiness is intangible and cannot be purchased. happiness does not have concept.  "happiness is an intangible feeling, therefore it cannot be bought". it is possible to go walking from campinas to manaus. manaus is too far from campinas. "it is impossible to answer this without knowing where these places are, and i thought the ""validation and explaination"" was not supposed to include specific places.". the distance is too great between these places to walk. he wrote on the floor. it is not a best practice to write on the floor. no one can see the writing on the floor. the floor is not for writing. the lion bought a ticket to the concert. lions cannot buy things. lion couldn't buy ticket. lions  cannot buy tickets.  traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread. traffic cannot make bread. a human cannot turn into a loaf of bread.  loaf of bread is a eating item but traffic happens on the road.  joseph ordered a fridge at the bar. one does not order a fridge at a bar. a fridge is not usually bought at a bar.  a bar does not sell a fridge. she wore sandals to keep her feet warm. sandals have lots of holes in. sandals are not good to wear in cold weather.  sandals are open-toed so the do not keep the warmth inside them.  he burned his hand on a lukewarm stove. a lukewarm stove would not burn his hand. the stove isn't hot enough to burn. lukewarm stove is not a place to burn the hand.  the giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree. pizza does not grow on trees. pizza does not grow on trees.  giraffes ate only leaves. he took a car ride to get clean.  a car ride does not make you clean.  car ride is not used to clean.  cars have no cleaning properties.  people like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed.  a doctor is not trained to fix teeth.  people do not usually go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed.  doctor don't fix teeth dentist do. the chair was too smelly to fit under simon's desk. the scent of a chair does not influence it's ability to fit under a desk. a smell doesn't correlate with whether or not it will fit in a space.  smell has nothing to do with its size to fit under desk. you can buy fried chicken from little caesars. "little caesars doesn't sell fried chicken, they sell pizza". little caesars does not have fried chicken.  little caesars does not sell fried chicken.  accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship. accountants are not trained to fix rocket ships. rocket ship cannot be fixed by the accountants.  fixing a rocket ship is a work of scientist but not accountants. he took  a vacation in brad pitt. brad pitt is not a place. brad pitt is not a vacation destination. "vacations can only happen in real places, not people.". the bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon. bears are not typically afraid of raccoons. "giant animals such as a bear would have to climb a tree, they cannot run up a tree.". raccoon is smaller than bear. she wore the stud earring around her wrist.  the stud earring would fall off of her wrist.  stud earring cannot wore in the wrist.  a stud earring is for your ear. she read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz. a mattress tag would not help her prepare for the upcoming quiz. a mattress tag doesn't give useful information for the upcoming quiz. mattress is not used to read for the upcoming quiz.  she stubbed her toe and it was euphoric. stubbing your toe is painful. stubbing the toe is not pleasant. it can't be euphoric when we stubbed the toe.  people wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm.  gloves do not fit feet.  gloves cannot used to wear in the feet to keep them warm.  gloves are to be worn on your hands. a doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient's heart.  you cannot use a muffin to listen to a heart.  muffin is food and not a medical instrument.  muffin for winter. all cars have a combustion engines. some cars are powered with an electrical battery. combustion engine is dangerous so car can not keep it.  there is more tha one kind of engine. "she turned the volume on the tv up, and it got quieter". "turning the volume up on a tv makes the audio louder, not quieter". the volume gets more louder when  you turn up the volume of the t.v. "turning the volume up, makes it louder.". the napkin put the food on the dinner plates.  "a napkin is an object, so it cannot pick up or put down the food.". napkin never put the food. a napkin is a non-living thing.  most cats require assembly.  cats are animals and do not require assembly.  cats are born fully formed to mother cats.  cats doesn't participate in assembly. he drove a frog to work.  you can not drive a frog.  frogs are animals and not vehicles.  frog is a amphibian. iron bars are flimsy and light. iron is a dense metal that is still used today to build structures. iron is too hot. iron is a heavy metal.  the old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book.  you can only read a phone book. you can't use a book to watch tv.  phone book is not used to watch the favorite show.  she takes her car for a walk.  "cars do not walk, they drive.". cars don't walk.  cars are not pets to be walked.  the artist used bread to color in the picture.  bread is a food and cannot be used to color in a picture.  bread is a food item not intended to paint with that doesn't give off any color.  to color the picture we cannot use the bread.  dogs lit his cigarette. dogs cannot use a lighter. human only lit the cigarette not the dog.  dogs are unable to light cigarettes.  he was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab. shower curtains are not an addictive substance. you cannot be addicted to shower curtains. no one addicted to shower cutains. people usually wear chairs.  it's impossible to wear chairs.  chair cannot wear by the people.  "chairs cannot be worn, they are furniture.". the tree climbed on the cat.  the tree has no paws and does not move out of place.  "trees can't climb, they are rooted to the spot.". the tree is much bigger than the cat.  her grandfather is her grandson. someone cannot simultaneously be your grandparent and your child. a grandfather can't also be the grandson of the same person.  a grandfather is much older to become a grandson of the same person. he stored his dog in the drawer. dogs should not be stored in drawers. you would not put a dog in a drawer. drawer is not a place to store the dog.  he built his house out of jelly. jelly is not strong enough to build a house. jelly is too soft to build a house.  jelly is not a building material.  he deposited drugs into the bank.  you can't take drugs to the bank.  a bank is for money not drugs.  bank is not a place to deposit the drug.  my brother drove to work in his bed.  you cannot drive a bed.  a bed cannot be driven. a bed  cannot be used for transportation.  i want to learn how to play a dog. a dog isn't an instrument so it can't be played. a dog is not an instrument. dog is not a instrument. i call my friends with an x-ray. an x-ray is not used to place a call. an x-ray is an image.  you can't use an x-ray to make calls. he wore a onesie to the wedding. a onesie would not be appropriate attire for a formal wedding. no one wear onesie. "adults do not typically wear onsies, especially to formal events". he used a matchstick for writing. matchstick does not have ink. matchstick can be used to lit the fire.  matchstick doesn't has ink. soda is served hot. "no one likes drinking warm soda, so it is served cold". soda is not a hot drink. soda is not relished hot.  i swam around in the park today.  you cannot swim around in a park.  "swimming can only happen in water, not land.". park is not a place to swam.  the feather made the floor shake when dropping it.  feathers are not heavy.  a feather weighs very little to make the floor shake. feather is weightless. he wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music.  headphones are used to listen to sound by placing them over the ears. headphones are wear only on heads not in hands.  you can't hear music through your hands.  the cow went into the dog house.  the cow is too big to fit into the dog house.  a cow would not fit inside a dog house.  cow never went into the dog house. the man cooked a blender.  you can't cook a blender.  a blender is non edible therefore cannot be cooked. you can't cook a blender because it's a machine and it would be dangerous.  a teacher was taught by a student. a teacher has knowledge they are teaching the student. a student cannot be educated enough to teach a teacher.a. teacher can only teach the student not taught by them.  he walked on the lake.  you can't walk on a lake because you will sink.  lake is not a place to walk.  lake contain water. i always have beer for breakfast.  you should not start the main meal with beer because it is not good for your health.  beer is not a thing to eat in breakfast.  "it is very strange to have beer for breakfast, although not unheard of.". he petted a fridge.  fridges are for food not petting.  the fridge dose not require petting.  fridge cannot be used as a pet.  he carried his books with him in his coffee mug. books do not typically fit inside of coffee mugs. you don't carry books in mugs. coffee mug does not used to carry the book.  since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes.  diabetics need to stay away from sugar.  diabetic person should not eat sugar added food like milkshakes.  "milkshake is having lot of sugar ,diabetic person must avoid this.". it is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry.  when angry a person might not react rationally and if the sensitive subject is brought up the anger may escalte for no good reason.  it is generally better to bring up sensitive subjects when not angry.  when we are anger mood sensitive subjects are very hard to read.  the cup is in the table. there is no open space within the table to hold the cup. table is much bigger than the cup.  a cup cannot go in a table. she looked as white as a bar of gold. bars of gold are not white. a bar of gold is golden in color.  bar of gold will not look like white.  my vanilla smells like shampoo. vanilla has a specific scent. vanilla is a scent and shampoo is a product. vanilla smells vanilla flavor not  like shampoo.  her dog is driving to the vet.  dogs cannot drive.  dogs can't drive.  dog cannot drive to the vet.  laundry is human flesh. cannot do human flesh laundry. washing  clothes is called laundry.  laundry is clothes that need to be washed. submarines fly in the sky.  submarines are designed to go under water.  sky is not a place to fly the submarines.  "heavy, sea vehicles do not fly in the sky.". she put a bowling ball in his butt.  a bowling ball won't fit in a butt.  bowling ball doesn't fit in a butt. a bowling ball cannot fit inside a butt.  the teacher used a brick to clean the spill.  brick are not very absorbent.  bricks are solid and cannot clean anything.  bricks do not absorb liquid. i'm eating the soap. the soap it's a chemical product if you eat it you'll get in trouble for healty issue. soap is inedible.  soap is not edible.  i put a brick on my toast.  a brick will smash my toast.  brick is astone. bricks are noto food.  she parked her car on the airport runway every day.  "security personnel will make you move your car to avoid the airplanes, if you try to park on a runway.". car is a road transport it can not be parked in the airport runway.  airport is not used for parking car. a play uses hired car dealers to perform. "car dealers sell cars, they do not act". car dealers no need to perform in play. car dealers sell cars and not act. the school curriculum took my lunch money. curriculum is not capable of taking posessions. the school curriculum is not a thing to took the lunch money.  the curriculum at school is a guide to learning.  my father and i were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch.  an anvil is much too heavy to play catch with.  an anvil is too heavy and might hurt a person if thrown at.  an anvil is too heavy to be thrown. by. my dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash.  "a dog leash is for a dog, not a person.". dogs do not walk humans.  people don't wear leashes.  a handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas. a handbag cannot contain the pressure of a pressurized gas. handbag is a fixed with minimal stretchable object but gas can be fill only in flexible object.  gas cannot be inflated in the handbag.  my toaster ate some chicken scraps.  a toaster is an appliance that doesn't eat.  toaster can't eat.  toasters are not alive and cannot eat.  the house is made of pine-cones.  wood is a good building material but pine-cones are not.  "pine-cones are an impossible way to build a house, they are too small, too flimsy, too irregular and too full of holes.". pinecones cannot be used to make houses.  animals cook their own food through photosynthesis.  animals cannot cook their own food.  "animals rely on others for their food, they don't have capabilities like plants to make their own food.". animals don't cook the produce their food. he put on sneakers to go for a swim.  nobody puts on sneakers to go swimming.  sneakers made it harder to swim.  you do not need sneakers to swim. she put her dog. dogs are animals and you can't put them on. you can't wear a dog/. dog cannot be put by her.  phone stores can be found inside salesmen.  a building can't fit inside a human. stores of any kind cannot be found inside of a person. a phone store is much bigger than a salesman. weeds grow in a sink. a sink does not have soil for weeds to grow.  there is no soil in the sink for the weed to grow.  nothing grow in sink. books are for riding. one cannot ride a book. "books are made for reading ,riding does on 4 or 2 wheeler vehicles.". you cannot ride a book. the doctor sleeps at the circus tent. a circus tent is not a place to sleep. circus tent is not a place to sleep by the doctor.  doctor place is hospital. you are likely to find an anemone on a street corner.  anemones live in water.  anemone will die on dry land.  anemones live in sea.  she wore a woolly hat on a hot day. woolly hats are worn on cold days as they keep you warm. a woolly hat makes it very hot.  woolly hats make heads sweat on a hot day.  a sponge is a kind of weapon.  "a sponge cannot sttack or defend people, so it cannot be a weapon.". a sponge is too soft to be used as a weapon. a sponge is soft and a cleaning item.  i saw bears in the ocean.  bears are not an aquatic animal.  "bears are not usually in the ocean, whereas sharks are primarily in the ocean.". bears mostly live in snow. the rock cried when she lost the race. a rock cannot be in a race because it is not alive.  rocks do not have emotions.  rocks can't cry.  roses are pretty chickens. roses are not chickens. roses are plants and chickens are animals and these are two seperate groups.  rose is kind of flower. river is flowing still while there is no water.  "while there is no water, a river cannot flow". a river cannot flow if there is no water.  there cannot be a river where there is no water.  google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90's. "although you can find pornography using google, google itself is a search engine". google is a search engine.  pornographic website does not include google.  a boat floats on air.  boats cannot float on air.  boats sre not designed to float in air.  gravity will not allow it.  "the tea was too astringent, and needed to cool down". the astringency of tea cannot be reduced via cooling. if something is astringent cooling it will make no difference.  if the tea is hot it can cool but if it is astringent it is meaningless to cool.  the man had a fast turtle.  a turtle is not fast.  a turtle can never be fast.  turtles are slow. she took a lion in the tub. a lion wouldn't fit in a tub. a tub cannot hold a lion.  "there is no reason for a lion to be in a tub, they are wild animals.". i went to the art museum to by lemons. art museums do not sell fresh fruit. museum is not a place to buy lemons.  lemons are available in market. thunder happens with lightning always in the nights.  thunder can only happen after lightning as science says. thunder and lighting does not appear in the nights.  the thunder happens after lightning always in the nights. a monkey is a fruit. a monkey is an animal. a monkey is an animal. monkey is a animal. the boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner.  paint thinner is not for human consumption.  paint thinner is deadly and would lead to poisoning.  paint thinner is not edible. "if a person stopped blinking, they would eventually die". blinking doesn't keep people alive. if we stop blinking we will not die.  factually incorrect as blinking is not tied to one's ability to live.  a camera is for taking pictures of dolphins. "a camera can take pictures of anything, not just dolphins". a camera is used to take pictures of many different things.  camera is taking pictures of all matter. sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper.  there is never any cheese in a newspaper.  cheese is an edible thing which cannot be in a newspaper.  newspaper doesn't contain any food. a vulture was flying without wings. a bird doesn't fly without wings. a vulture needs wings to fly. there are no vultures without wings .  i wipe my ass with sand paper.  sand paper would severely hurt the anus and no sane person would wipe their asses with it.  sand paper is not to wipe the ass.  the purpose of sandpaper is to smooth wood or other material thus it's not suitable for wiping your ass. he went to the hospital to buy groceries.  hospitals don't sell groceries.  hospitals are where sick people go to get trreatment and not a place for shopping.  the hospital does not sell groceries thus he cannot go there to buy them. he rode a cat.  cats are too small to ride.  a cat is too small to ride.  he is much bigger than a cat. the man put a block in the microwave.  a block does not need to be cooked.  one one put a block in microwave. blocks are too big for microwaves.  the library was filled with dead pets.  a library is for books not dead pets.  dead pets are not found in the library.  "library filled only by books, dead pets can be placed to their corresponding places.". "if you take a shower at the circus, the clowns might attack you.". "regular citizens are not allowed to shower at a circus, and clowns don't attack people other than in movies.". there are no showers at the circus.  a circus does not have a shower. the plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes.  gravy does not flow through plumbing pipes.  plumbers work on water and sewer pipes.  "there is no such thing as gravy pipes, gravy is a food item.". i purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse. pants are not sold at greenhouses. greenhouse don't sell pants. greenhouse is not a place to purchase the favorite pants.  the boy ate soup with a jackhammer.  a jackhammer is not an eating utensil.  a jackhammer is a large tool not meant for eating.  no one used a jackhammer to ate soup. the young boy asked satan for a new tricycle.  satan is a character from a religious text and a young child would not ask him for a tricycle.  satan is not a person to ask a new tricycle.  most young boys are not yet familiar with satanism.  the cat played golf. a cat cannot play golf. cats cannot play golf.  animals cannot play golf. he likes to play games at his day job. he should not play games at his jobs because he has tasks to complete. impractical choice at a place of work.  if one will play games at his day job he will be fired. david swam up the road.  people can only swim through liquids.  road is not a place to swam by the david.  one cannot swim up a road.  i ate a glass of water.  you cannot eat glass.  glass of water cannot be ate.  one can drink water and cannot eat. hats are for your feet. hats do not belong on your feet. hats do not belong on your feet. hats are worn on your head.  the toilet is set for dinner.  nobody sets a toilet for dinner.  a toilet is for human waste and is not used to eat food off.  toilet never used for dinner. the battery to the pencil died.  most pencils don't use batteries.  pencil does not need batteries.  a pencil does not have batteries. the car drove in the sky.  a car can't fly.  the car can't fly. sky is not a place to drove the car.  the secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea. the secretary is of a lower rank than his boss and would not tell him what to do.  the secretary works for the bosses and he's responsible to fetch him a cup of tea. the secretary is not a person to fetch a cup of tea.  the color purple is a mixutre of brown and teal. the color purple is comprised of the two primary colors red and blue. brown and teal make an entirely different color. brown and teal does not use to get the purple color.  the color purple is a mixture of blue and red. i planted a puppy in the backyard.  you can not plant a puppy and expect a puppy tree.  puppies do not grow out of the ground and if you try to plant a puppy he will just get out and if he doesn't on his own then his mother will come and bite your abusive ass.  puppy couldn't plant. i made coffee with tea bags at my house today.  you can not make coffee from tea bags it's impossible.  coffee can made by coffee powder not with tea bags.  we cant make coffee with tea bag. the piano was sick.  only living things can become sick and a piano is not alive.  a piano is a non living thing and cannot become sick. piano's are not living creatures.  she dressed nicely in her new elephant.  you cannot wear an elephant.  elephant doesn't wear dress. an elephant is an animal.  "after their picnic, they swam in a bath". baths are too small to swim in. there isn't enough room in a bath to swim in it.  no one swim in a bath. a man stood on a cat.  a cat is much smaller than a man.  standing on a cat will probably crush and kill the cat.  cat is smaller than man. she hung a banana on the wall.  pictures are meant to be displayed while fruit is not. banana is a fruit. bananas will fall down if hung on a wall.  i poured some mug in the coffee. coffee is a liquid base beverage that needs to be in the mug.  "coffee is a liquid that can be poured, whereas a mug is a solid object.". mugs are not liquid to be poured.  she held a ballon in her leg. a leg cannot hold onto a ballon. your leg is a 'solid' body part so it's impossible to hold something in it.  leg is not a place to keep the ballon.  he got stuck in a peach on his way to work.  "you cannot get stuck inside of a fruit, but traffic jams are likely during a commute.". peach is a character not the way.  peaches are not able to be stuck in.  he found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box.  large amounts precious metals should not be found in food.  "cereal boxes contain cereal, not gold". cereal box for store grocery item. my sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike.  bikes cannot be tied. bike cannot be tied.  riding a bike makes more sense than tying it.  something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron. a cookie is not made with iron. "nobody eats a cookie to taste iron, and if you do taste iron is that it tastes awful.". iron does not appear while eating cookie.  she went home to buy groceries. you can't buy groceries at home. groceries cannot be bought at home. home is not a place to but groceries.  the dresser fell off of the tv.  you wouldn't put the tv on top of the dresser.  a dresser is too big to be kept on a t.v.  a dresser is too heavy for a tv to stand on it.  the closest hardware store was in the airport. hardware stores can't operate in an airport. airports never have hardware stores.  airport is not a place to have the hardware store.  flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups.  no reason to prick a flower rather than plucking. a flower cannot be pricked. flowers are not pricked to be destroyed.  i went to sleep in a tree.  people don't sleep in trees.  you can't sleep in a tree. no one went sleep in a tree. the fire is burning coldly tonight.  a fire can't burn coldly.  fires emit heat and always burn hot.  fire isn't cold. wild birds hunt the irish setter dog. birds don't hunt dogs. dog is powerful than birds. "dogs are not part of a birds diet, so a bird would not hunt a dog". debbie did her cooking on the computer.  computers are used for data processing not cooking.  cooking can be done in kitchen on gas stove whereas computer is used to do offical work.  no one  cooking on the computer. she took her toaster on a walk.  "a toaster cannot walk, but a pet, specifically a dog, can.". a toaster does not have legs. toaster is not necessary for a walk.  she like to taste videos. you can not taste videos. videos are meant to be viewed.  videos cannot be tasted.  he drove his dishwasher onto the bridge. a dishwasher can't be driven. dishwasher can not be driven it is only used for washing.  dishwashers are not a vehicle and do not have the proper mechanics to be driven.  mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt.  there are never any leaves to button on a shirt.  leaves don't go on shirts and cannot be buttoned.  shirt have buttons. children drink wine with pizza. wine is not suitable for children. wine is for adults therefore children would not be drinking it. children are not allowed to drink wine.  the kite flies much higher than the plane.  planes have engines that make them fly much higher than a kite.  a plane flies to great heights which cannot be reached by a kite.  kite can fly only limited distance but plane run on engine so it can fly high.  she drank 10 liters of water.  one cannot consume so much water at one time because the stomach does not have enough capacity for it.  10 liters of water cannot be drank.  10 liters of water is vert large amount to drink. a basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing.  basketballs can't be filled with icing.  icing is not used in the basketball to bounce.  basketballs are usually full of air and cannot be pumped full of some viscous substance such as icing.  she gave the plant oil.  plants do not take oil.  plants need water to live.  oil is not used to plant.  people go to the cinema because they like dancing. cinema is the place where they show movies. there's no dancing in the cinema. cinema is not a place to see dance.  the dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass. there is no grass in the bathroom. grass will be there in ground not in bathroom.  bathroom is used for bathing not for playing.  the pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport.  pilots do not fly garbage trucks.  garbage trucks don't fly.  the garbage truck can run only on road it can not fly in the airport.  people often sleep while they are eating dinner.  you cannot eat while you are sleeping.  dinner cannot eat while sleeping.  when people are asleep they cannot eat dinner. the red rose grew on the moon.  a red rose cannot spontaneously grow on the moon because it lacks water and atmosphere.  the moon has not got an atmosphere to sustain plant life.  moon is not a place to grow red rose.  i received an email from my dog.  a dog does not know how to email.  dogs are not capable of sending emails.  email can be received from another friend not from animal like dog.  she turns on the sun.  a person cannot turn on the sun.  the sun is a star millions of miles away.  sun cannot turn on.  he put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle.  a house key cannot be used to start a vehicle.  house key cannot start a vehicle.  the hose key does not start the vehicle. gravel is a popular fast food choice. gravel is a loose aggregation of rock fragments and inedible. fast food does not include gravel.  small stones are not a fast food option.  the tree chased the dog up a building.  a tree cannot run.  tree don't move. trees cannot move.  you are likely to find a plant in your body.  plants cannot grow in a body.  plants are found in nature but not in bodies.  a plant cannot grow inside of a body. a book placed itself on the shelf. books are unable to move by themselves. books are inanimate objects.  a book is not a living creature that is able to move itself.  the bat hit the man with a baseball.  the bat couldn't hit the man with a baseball because the bat was not alive.  man can only hit the ball. the animal called bat does not play baseball and when you get hit with a baseball bat there is no ball involved.  it's important to scratch before rigorous exercise.  scratching is not related to exercise. scratch is done any object to remove some label but not related to exercise.  scratch make a pain in body. she mowed the concrete. the concrete cant be mowed. concrete is very strong. concrete cannot be mowed. "you would conquer your opponent, because you want to lose.". you cannot lose and conquer at the same time.  to lose we don't conquer your opponent.  "if you want to lose, you will not conquer your opponent.". all birds are canaries. finches are not canaries. some birds are sparrows.  a canary is a specific type of bird.  fire engines are painted red and not always red in color. it is a standard color red used for fire engines always.  "if a fire engine is painted red, it will have a red color.". "if a fire engine is painted red, then it is red, and no other colour.". the man sheered a salmon.  "fish cannot be sheered, they have scales.". salmon is live in water it can not be sheered.  salmon cannot be sheered.  he put pudding in the car seat. pudding will slide off the car seat. car seat is not a place to put the pudding.  it makes more sense to place a child in a seat rather than a pudding.  he ate mirrors at a restaurant.  nobody can eat mirrors.  "eating mirrors would mean eating glass, which would kill you.". mirrors are not edible. most people that live in china speak german.  most people that live in china do not speak german.  "in china most people speak chinese , their mother language.". people in china speak chinese. she went to the store to milk a cow. there are not cows at the store. cow live on farms.  a cow is not found in a store. a tiger provides heat to a room.  a tiger does not provide heat.  a tiger is not a source of heat for a home.  tiger is not a thing that provides heat to a room.  he went to the airport to board a ship.  you do not board a ship at the airport.  ships cannot be found in an airport. ships are not found at airports. creams and lotions can be used for cooking.  creams and lotions are not safe for eating.  creams and lotions are not edible. cream's and  lotions are poisonous.  she like to jog in the mall. security will not let you jog in the mall. the mall is too crowded to go jogging.  no one jog in the mall. "the pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup, but the chef cleaned it.". the chef should cook the chicken soup after the ingredients are in the pot.  pot is used to cook the food that the chef uses.  the chef wouldn't clean the pot with ingredients inside it. he made green paint with red and yellow paint.  "red and yellow paint makes purple, not green.". red and yellow paint does not make green paint.  blue and yellow paint combination make a green color. she rode a polar bear to go to the station.  polar bears cannot be used for human transport.  polar bears are to wild to ride.  polar bears live only in arctic regions where there are no stations.  i love eating steam trains. a steam train is not an item of food. "steam trains are very large, made of metal, and non-edible.". trains are not edible to be eaten.  banana is the day before friday.  "banana is a food, not a day.". banana is a fruit.  banana is not a day.  he drank a spider after lunch. "spiders are animals, not beverages". spiders cannot be drank like a liquid.  spider is not eatable thing. you are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine.  "cheese does not belong in a magazine, it will mold.". we keep cheese in the ice box.  food is not stored in magazines.  speaking is for going somewhere. speaking does not make people move. speaking does not involve movement.  one need not speak to go anywhere.  you should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike.  there isn't riding license needed.  a license is not required in order to ride a bike.  "riding a bike does not require any sort of license, anyone at any age can ride a bike without any prior requisites.". a person want to fall on their face. falling on the face will destroy a person's appearance. fall is not a face. no one wants to fall on their face because it hurts.  your eyes are in your mouth.  eyes are above the mouth.  a person's eyes are not located in their mouth.  eyes are located higher on the face and are not near the mouth.  the first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr. to tape a television show needs a working vcr. you should not shut off the vcr if you want to tape a show. "if you turn off the vcr, the show will not be taped.". they're cutting down trains.  no one would cut down trains in normal cases.  trains are something that are too helpful to destroy.  trains are made of metal and hard to cut down. something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried. hairdresser does not provide foot washing service. hairdressers only do hair on your head. the hairdresser washes hair not feet. cats must live in water. cats suffercates after being in water for too long. cats would drown in water.  cats are not able to live in water.  children like to make snowmen in summer. it is too hot to snow in summer. snowmen would melt in the summer.  snowmen is not for summer. the great wall belongs to modern architecture. the great wall was built during the ming dynasty. the great wall of china was not built in what are considered to be modern times.  the great wall was built a long time before the works that modern architecture refers to were created.  the suspect is tried in the gym.  the gym isn't the right place to try suspects.  gyms are where people exercise.  "you play sports in a gym, not hold trials.". a little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy. exercise can improve people's health. daily exercise is suggested for everyone.  exercise does not diminish a person's health.  bob bought the gun at the store.  private trading of firearms is illegal.  bob does not like guns. guns are kept under lock and key rather than being located in store aisles.  paul was a three meters man. three meters has beyond the highest man in the world. three meters is impossibly tall for a man.  three meters is an adult height.  a teacher works in a restaurant.  "a teacher works in a school, not a restaurant.". a businessman works in an office.  teachers work in classrooms.  the blood is part of a torso.  a torso doesn't include blood.  blood is not kind of bone. blood is liquid inside the body.  kids can play with tiger. tiger is too dangerous to play with. tigers are too dangerous to play with.  "please don't play with the tigers, they will rip your face off, they are wild animals!". all people like tea. tea is not something everyone likes to drink. not everyone enjoys tea.  not everyone likes the same thing. you can look up rare words in newspapers. newspapers are printed for reporting news. newspapers do not have definitions for the words it uses.  all rare words are not found in newspapers.  a pig graduates from a school.  a pig can't go to school to learn.  pig never go to school. pigs don't go to school. peace pigeons represents war. peace pigeons symbolizes peace. peace pigeons are not symbols of war.  pigeons are not a symbol of war.  one of the thins you do in a  plane is jump out the window. jump out of the plane window is too dangerous to be allowed. window is used for look not for jump. you will die if you jump out of the window.  a decorator can position fortune.  no one can carry intangible fortune.  no one can position fortune.  fortune is not a thing to be positioned.  dogs are more flexible than human beings.  dogs are less flexible than human beings.  dogs cannot bend their body. dogs are not bipedal.  square has three sides. square consists of four sides. a triangle has three sides.  a square has 4 sides. buses can cross a river.  no bus can cross a river.  buses would sink if they tried to drive through water.  "buses can cross a road, not a river". the enemy shares your joys and sorrows. usually you have a hostile relationship with your enemy. the enemy doesnot shares your joys and sorrows. enemies are not happy when you are happy.  wood can puts out fire. fire can make wood burn. wood is flammable.  wood can stimulate the fire. mushrooms grow from foot-like systems hidden underground.  systems are not foot-shped.  mushrooms don't have feet - they use underground roots to secure and feed themselves. foot is not a system for growing mushroom. the goldfish swims in the deep sea.  no goldfish can swim into the deep sea.  goldfish are fresh water fish.  goldfish are associated with shallow water.  one of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone. the phone does not give you the qualification to enter a rock concert. phones are not sold at rock concerts. a phone will not admit you into the concert.  jeff turns off air-conditioner when he is hot. air-conditioner cools the air when it works. you want the air conditioner on when you're hot. turns off air-conditioner when the place is over-cooling. rmb is made of iron. the rmb is printed on printed paper. rmb is not a metal. rmb is not made up of iron.  i can see the fragrance of flowers. the fragrance of flowers is invisible. "a person cannot see odors, they can only smell.". you can't see smells. oscar ate the tire. the tire is not food. tires are not edible.  tires aren't edible.  paper towels are made of plastic. plastic is not the raw material for paper towels. plastic is not made of wood. plastic doesn't make a paper towels. you get milk for your use from a dog. usually people don't drink dog's milk. it is not typical to get milk from a dog.  a dog does not give milk.  "we say ""goodbye"" when we meet someone.". """goodbye"" is a word for leaving, not greeting.". goodbyes are when you leave someone. goodbye means you leaving.  music is another word for movie.  music is different from movie.  music is a different form of entertainment than a movie.  "music is something in a movie, but is not a synomnym for movie". pears fall from the apple tree.  no pears grow on apple trees.  pears are found on pear trees.  pears grow on pear trees.  a refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes.  few people shape ice into tubes.  a refrigerator freezer is for making ice cubes. ice tubes are not something people make or use.  it's fun to carve pumkins with your kids at christmas. christmas has no custom of carving pumpkins. pumpkins are carved during halloween and not during christmas.  pumpkins are not carved around christmas.  sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday. sylvia does not need to report her work to her children. sylvia would not use her children for writing emails to her workplace.  no need to inform everyday work to children. head is a form of locomotion. head is not use as locomotion. "you can not use your head to move your body, so your head is not the source of your movement.". head is a human organ which cannot move. fall is a time when trees branch and bud.  leaves of most trees turn yellow and fall in the fall.  fall is when leaves begin to die and come off the trees.  trees lose their leaves in fall.  electric pencil sharpener is manually crank. electric pencil sharpener does not require people to operate the pencil. electric pencil sharpener does it automatically. would not be electric if it still had to be powered manually.  a funny movie evokes crying. sad movies make people cry but funny movies are rare. funny movies don't make people cry.  a funny movie make people smile. if you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it.  bug can't be used to pack up chips.  chips are larger than bugs and cannot contain them.  bug means mistake its never open. my family went shopping in the garage.  nothing is sale in a garage.  you don't buy things in a garage. the garage already has your own belongings in it.  a bed sheet can be used to mop the floor.  it's inconvenient and improper  to mop the floor with a bed sheet.  bed sheets are to big to mop a floor. bed sheets are not meant to mop floors. mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school. people seldom eat grass. children do not eat grass as a meal.  grass can not be baked. jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest. no one can rest on the clouds. clouds are not solid. a person cannot literally lie on top of a cloud.  winter follows summer.  winter follows autumn.  winter does not follow directly after summer.  summer is followed by fall.  all people suffer from bulemia. bulemia is not everyone's suffering. bulimia can affect some people with poor body image.  bulimia is a medical condition that only some people have. william drank a bottle of bear.  humans are banned from eating bears.  a bear cannot be drunk from a bottle.  bears don't fit into bottles.  people use a pot for drinking water outdoor. bringing a pot outdoor is inconvenient. people use .a glass. a pot is too big to drink from.  winter is hotter than summer. winter temperatures are lower than summer. it is always cool in winter.  winter is a cooling season. the effect of lighting a fire is cold and light. lighting a fire dissipates the cold rather than creating it. fires produce heat.  fires provide light and warmth. a person wants to go to the zone.  zone is an uncertain place.  no one wants to go to a zone.  the zone is not a real place. you would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy. we don't usually want to see family members dismay. people there families because the want them happy. feeding our family will not make them dismay.  my 5-year-old kid went on a travel alone.  parents don't trust their children to travel alone.  kids may not travel alone. a 5-year-old should be supervised by an adult outside of the home.  when the weather is hot you wear more clothse. wearing more clothes on a hot day will only get hotter. people wear less clothes when it is hot to escape the  heat. more clothes make you hotter.  the ball is square.  we don't call something square a ball.  a square ball cannot spin. the ball is not a square. the snow melts into stone. snow is not made of stone. stone will not melt.  snow is frozen water  and cannot become  stone.  "today,the dinosaurs still live on the earth". the dinosaur has been extinct for many years. dinosaurs extinct on the earth. the dinosaurs were extinct long ago.  free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord.  concord means peace and agreement.  a rock concord does not exist.  a concord is a kind of agreement.  residents on mars are not enthusiastic. no one lives on mars. mars hasn't any residents. mars has no residents.  ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day. it is easy to get wet to go out in a rainy day. ward and his dog will get drenched in the rain. people do not like to be out in the rain.  the inside of the refrigerator is hot. the effect of the refrigerator is refrigeration and preservation. food would spoil if a a refrigerator was hot.  refrigerators are used for cooling food.  you sit in a seat when at the move theater.  theatre is unmovable.  a move theater is not a real place. moving is difficult while sitting.  you should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone. "without a leash, it is hard to keep a fierce dog from people". a fierce dog with no leash is a danger to people. a fierce dog should have a leash put on it not taken off. sunday before saturday. the order of the weekend is after saturday is sunday. friday is before saturday. saturday is before sunday.  you can sleep in a bedpan.  bedpan is a container used as a toilet.  a bedpan is not a place where someone can sleep.  a bedpan is too small to sleep in.  bowl is used to shelter from the rain. the bowl can only be used as a tool for eating. rain cannot used as a shelter.  a bowl will not shelter someone from the rain.  sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work. mistakes at work may cause serious result to sunny's company. making mistakes at work is bad thing to do.  mistakes never make excite feel. mouse is a digital recording medium. mouse is a input device. mice are animals. a computer mouse is not a tool for digital recording.  "if some food tastes too spicy for daisy, she drinks hot water". hot water only makes people feel more spicy. hot water isn't used to tolerate spicy foods.  only cold water would cool hotness. we can't know a book if we don't read it.  there are other ways to know a book like listening to storytelling.  it is impossible to know the entirety of a book without actually reading it.  people can hear about a book from others that they know.  people can play for energy. people play consume energy instead of getting energy. energy is drained while playing.  "playing usually uses energy, but doesn't create it.". apples are made of stone. every substance in the known world is made of molecules. stones are not edible.  apples are not made of stone.  basketball is a game people play on ice.  ice is too smooth for people to play basketball.  ice is not a surface for playing basketball.  basketball is played on a hard wood floor.  a cupcake is a large cake. cupcakes are generally smaller. caks is not a cookie. cupcakes are small not large. a stone can contains species of many plants and animals. stones are not as big as some plants and animals. a stone is smaller than most plants and animals.  a stone is not a living ecosystem.  all books are worth reading. the contents of some books are not suitable for us to read. some books are meaningless. people don't like all the same books. you are served steak at the coffee shop. no steaks are served in the coffee shop. a coffee shop would only serve light treats and coffee.  you are served coffee at the coffee shop. sun are visible at night. no sun at night. sun are not visible at night. the sun does not shine at night.  the birds each handed over a father.  each animal has one couple of biological parents.  a father is not something that can be handed over.  birds doesn't know their father. the rabbit runs slower than the turtle. rabbits have more running advantages than turtles. turtles are one of the dlowest lanf creatures. a turtle is not faster than a rabbit.  lift your pen from the chopping block. pen can't use with choppiong block. you do not use a pen on a chopping block.  chopping block is not a paper. people drinks ink.  ink does harm to people's health.  ink is not safe to drink.  ink is not edible.  united states is located in south america. there are no american territories in south america. the united states comprises north america along with canada. the continent north america is where the united states is.  you can find a dog in a hot dog.  a hot dog has no dog.  hot dogs are not made of actual dogs.  there are never any dogs in a hot dog.  play is for replenishing energy sources. playing games consumes energy. pay exhausts energy sources built up.  playing is not an activity which renews one's energy.  the cup is for sleeping. people can't lie inside the cup. the cup is not for sleeping.  a cup is not used for sleeping.  something you find in the backseat of a car is a star.  a star is outside the earth and much huger than the car.  a star is in the sky.  star is bigger than car. you would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal.  pens are useless when you are cooking.  you cannot use pens to prepare a meal as they are not edible.  one would buy pens when writing a book or notes.  the boy likes swimming in an ocean.  swimming in the ocean is too dangerous for the boy.  the ocean is too dangerous. ocean has more water than swimming pool. you are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo. there is no wine in the zoo. wine cellar does not find in a zoo.  zoo is not place to find a wine cellar. you can make an ice-cream out of plastic. plastic is not eatable while ice-creams are. plastic is not edible.  ice cream is made out of milk. the british like watching house racing.  house is stable.  house is immovable. house not participate in race because its unmovable. the bathroom is for eating. the bathroom is where people use to take a shower. the kitchen is meant for eating.  the bathroom is not for eating. the buddha is the leader of the catholic religion. buddha is the leader of buddhism and not catholic. a buddha is related the the beliefs of buddhism.  the leader of the catholic religion is the pope.  plants are green from water. chlorophyll is the thing makes plants are green. water dors not give the green colouring to the plant.  plants are green due to chlorophyll. a baby took the bus alone.  no baby is able to take a bus alone.  babies would get lost alone on the bus.  a baby cannot take a bus alone.  animals and plants have no relationship.  animals and plants have predation relationship.  plants and animals do have relationships but they are different. some types of animals and plants depend on one another to live.  you take the phone cell.  people can't communicate with each other through cells.  phone and cell meant same thing. "phones are not alive, they don't have cells.". if you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings.  earrings which are only decoration are not necessary for going outside.  earrings no need to wear to go to a restaurant. earrings is not for restaurant. you are likely to find a dolphin in a pond.  dolphin can't live in a pond.  ponds are too small for dolphins.  dolphins do not live in ponds. you must go to beijing if you want to visit the great wall.  there are other cities where you can visit the great wall.  beijing doesn't has great wall. beijing is not the location of the great wall.  if you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie.  tie is unnecessary when visiting museums.  ties are not required in museums.  tie is not visit for museum. something you find at hospital is blackboards. there is no much need for hospitals to install blackboards. hospitals have beds.  you would'nt find blackboards at the hospital because they are for schools.  horses are kept in washrooms. washrooms are used by people. horses are too big to stay in washrooms.  washrooms is not a place to keep the horses.  beethoven is a physicist. beethoven does not study physics but is good at music. beethoven played music. beethoven learned to play instruments.  a baby is a old person.  a baby is a person who first come to the world and is not a old one. baby means a very child. a baby is a person that was just born recently.  you may see a owls during the day. owls only prey at night. owls are seen only at night. owls are nocternal.  jeff bought a star.  no one can get stars and buy them now.  jeff could not buy a star. stars are located in space and cannot be purchased by individuals. the last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on. you are finished watching the television. if television is off its never shows anything. in order to watch the news you need to turn the television on. she turned to the hair and said to it.  hair is on our heads so we can't turn to it.  hair is on our head. you should not talk to hair.  you are likely to find a bear in a child's room. it is impossible to live with a bear in a human family. bears are not in houses. bears are dangerous. going on a vacation is for becoming stressed.  "people feel relaxed during a vacation, not stressed.". the senve holidays to get out of the stress. going on a vacation is usually fun and not stressful.  lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain. lotion cannot protect one from rain. lotion will not keep lily from getting wet in the rain.  "lotion does not prevent a person from getting rained on; rather, lotion helps with dry skin.". you may find a intestine in the spinal cord. the intestine is not in the spinal cord. the intestine is an organ in the abdomen.  spinal cord does not have an intestine to find. my company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time. playing music by loudspeakers during work time is disturbing. loudspeakers would distract other workers.  loudspeakers make a disturbance to other employees. you walk by using your shoes. shoes just use for protect feet. you walk by using your legs. you walk by using your feet and legs. the computer is smaller than the mobile phone. the size of the phone is far from the size of the computer. the computer is not smaller than mobile phone. mobile phone is not so big as computer. people use pans for writing.  pans are used for cooking.  pans are not used to write.  pans are used only for cooking. john often play basketball with skates.  no one can play basketball with skates.  skates are not used on a basketball court.  skate is not used for playing basketball. you are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox. strongbox usually hold important items instead of pants. strong box is not closet. a pair of pants is not valuable enough to be kept in a strong box.  pepper is very sweet. the taste of pepper in the taste is spicy. pepper does not have much sugar. pepper have a burning flavor.  you may find some stones in the chicken coop. chicken does not produce stones. stones would hurt the chickens' feet.  chickens lay eggs while in their coop.  you are likely to find a small crocodile in a park. crocodiles cannot appear in the park. crocodile is not a dog to find. small crocodile are not found in a park.  tigers have kittens. the tigers gave birth to tigers instead of cats. only cats can have kittens. tigers have cubs.  the student paints so well that he wants to become a musician.  "people always want to be artists, not musicians, when they are pleased with their painting.". the talent for painting is not the same talent as playing an instrument.  musicians do not use paint.  everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight.  people can't see stones clearly at night.  everybody stayed up late to see the meteor shower.  the night sky contains stars and not stones.  a branch helps support an arch. the branches do not play an important role in supporting the arches. an arch is the strongest part of the bridge in terms of support.  tree has a branch. a garden hose is used for drinking. water from garden hose is not clean. a garden hose usually puts out water too quickly to make it easy to drink from.  drinking does not require garden hose.  the real chinese food is dumpings.  dumpings don't belong to chinese food.  dumpings is not a type of food.  dumpings is not a form of chinese food.  it is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain. the temperature reduces with hight rising. "the higher up a mountain you go, the colder it gets.". "it is colder, the higher the altitude that it is.". summer is cold. high temperature in summer. summer is when the temperatures rise and people sweat.  summer is not a cold season.  you can make wine with an oven. wine is made in a barrel. wine is not cooking thing. wine is never put in the oven.  you are likely to find a bald eagle in the water. bald eagle can't live in the water. "bald eagles do not swim, they fly.". "bald eagles are not found in the water, they are found in the sky.". mom washed the fruits with paint. paint is for coat things with color. paint would make the fruit inedible.  the car rolls down the road. pens contain the inn.  inn is a place to live.  pens do not contain larger objects. pens are for writing. wear a tie when riding a motorcycle. a tie can not be used as protection when riding a motorcycle. a tie does not save a rider. riding a motorcycle is not a formal event.  you are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside. there will be no state highways between the countryside. state highways is not around the countryside. highway cannot found in the countryside.  i want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin.  close can't be bought.  open a door not close a cousin.  new close is doesn't meaningful. jon's friends all hate him.  people who hate each other aren't friends.  friends always like to another friends. friends do not hate each other.  "if tiny spores land in a good sport, they grow.". sport is not a place to land.  tiny spores that land in a sport would not grow.  sport does not have tiny spores to grow.  a dog can be found on a roof. dogs can't go to the roof. dog can not climb. dogs do not hang out on roofs.  the monkey is drinking wine.  monkey can't drink wine.  a monkey does not drink alcohol.  monkeys don't drink wine so this statement does not make sense.  a harmonica is for joining a state. just a harmonica couldn't help joining a state. band is not a state. a harmonica is just a musical instrument.  the chicken laid an stone. a chicken is a kind of bird. stones are from the earth.  stone is not a living thing to laid. people hug with their legs.  it's difficult and umnecoming for people to hug with legs.  people hug with their arms not legs. people wrap their arms around another person when they hug them.  baby gets nutrition by drinking water. babies can't get the nutrients they need through water. milk has more nutritional value than water for babies. water is a plain liquid. there was always something to look for in the wet green moods.  moods are difficult to get through.  it's not possible to look for someone in the moods.  a wet green mood is a concept and not a place.  after babies are born they breath amniotic fluid. amniotic fluid only exists in the mother's body. fluids cannot be breathed after birth.  babies cannot breathe amniotic fluid outside of the womb.  going to market is for buying stars.  no one can get stars and buy them now.  stars are not buying thing. no stars are sold at a market.  i wash my face with a toothbrush.  "people wash face with towel, not toothbrush.". toothbrush is used to to brush the teeth only. a toothbrush is meant to be used on your teeth.  sue had a panda. panda is not belong to any single one. a human being can't birth a panda nor be out with a panda.  pandas are endangered animals and not domesticated.  shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job. dancing does't help his  programming job.  dancing is not necessary for programming.  "programming is working with numbers, not dancing.". our fellow trees shall live another husband years. husband is a man that a woman is married.  there is no such thing as husband years.  "you can't marry a tree, and a husband isn't a length of time.". jack shot down a plane.  a plane is too big and high to shoot down.  a person cannot shoot down a plane.  jack is too small to shoot down a plane. you can sing in a library. singing is usually prohibited in a library. you need to be quiet in a library.  "students are not allowed to sing in library they just read, write and learn.". college students are younger than high school students. people can go to college after graduating from high school. college students are  not older than school students. high school students are teenagers between 15 and 18 years old. sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt. watching tv didn't have a direct effect on the hands. hands never watch tv show. sighted people do not watch tv with their hands.  an activity some colours can do is make love.  colours can not do activity.  colours is a nonliving thing. human beings make love.  you are likely to find two mouth in a head.  there is only one mouth in people's head.  heads only have one mouth.  two mouth is impossible in a head. the light bulb is bigger than a basketball. the size of the bulb is not as big as a basketball. light bulbs are small and basketballs are big.  it would not fit most major appliances.  a monkey is a stagehand. monkeys couldn't work as stagehands. a monkey is too dumb to be a stagehand.  monkeys lack the patience for a hard day's work in technical theater.  "when you are hot, you tremble.". "trembling will make you feel warmer, not cooler.". trembling makes you warm up. sweating is the bodies natural reaction to heat.  oscar got a flat emotion. the emotion never be flat. an emotion is not an object to be flat.  tire is not a emotion. some mushrooms can make you stick.  mushrooms are soft and can't stick humans.  mushrooms don't make people stick to things.  stick is not a condition. i parked my car in the river.  car can't be parked in the water.  people do not park their cars in the river; people park cars on the road. river is not a parking place. cat is a herbivore. cat can eat mice. cats eat meat.  cat cannot eat plants. i put my notes on the stone.  the stone is too hard to put notes.  stone is not a book. you can not write notes on stone.  whales are fish.  "a whale is not a fish, but a mammal.". whales are not fish. fish does not have whales.  jenny travelled to heaven during the national day holiday. heaven is an imaginary place. heaven is not a place in this world so people cannot travel there.  a living person cannot physically travel to heaven.  you are likely to find a shark in the farm.  sharks don't live in a farm.  you are likely to find a shark in the ocean. sharks live in the ocean.  my dog loves reading books.  dogs can't reading.  dogs cannot read in english.  reading is a skill that requires higher intellectual functioning associated with humans.  studying for breathing requires time and effort. breathing is a innate ability. studying is not necessary for breathing.  breathing is an automatic response and does not require studying.  a bus has two wheels.  a bus has 4 wheels at least.  buses have at least four wheels. the bus has four wheels. the earth circles around the moon.  the moon circles around the earth.  the earth circles around the sun.  the moon circles around the earth.  air can power cars.  car can't run with air.  cars require a combustible fuel and air is not combustible.  cars need gas to run. a chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering. chopsticks are tableware rather than learning utensils. chopsticks are used for eating.  chopsticks are used for eating. we wear t-shirts in winter. it's very hot in summer. a tee shirt is not winter clothing.  winter weather is to cold for the warmth that t-shirts provide.  an ambulance takes  sick people to the police office.  the police office can't cure the sick people.  ambulance always takes people to the hospital. an ambulance is used during an emergency.  you are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk. a gun is banned to be taken into school.  you are never likely to find a gun in a school. guns are not allowed in school. james held a great funeral for his first marriage. a funeral is for a dead person instead of people getting married. wedding is not a funeral. "you get married during a wedding, not a funeral". teachers must do homework.  no teacher need to do homework.  teachers assign homework. thave have to assign it not actually do it.  something you might do while going to a movie is flying.  people can't fly by themselves.  human's can't fly. movie is for watching not for flying and eating. new york is a country. new york belongs to the united states and not a country. new york is a state in the country of the united states.  new york is not a country.  aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard.  no one will keep his toothbrush in a backyeard.  it's not possible to pack personal items in a backyard.  backyard is a place where aciel cannot carry clothes and toothbrush.  they black our warm and comforting sun.  the sun is not black.  you can not black the sun.  black is a noun and cannot be used as a verb.  melatonin would make you want to socialize. melatonin would make you want to sleep. melatonin makes you sleepy. melatonin is not a drug that creates sociability in people.  the nightingale is a elephant. nightingale have less features of elephant. an elephant and a nightingale are two different species.  an elephant isn't a bird. goldfish are mammals.  "a goldfish are not a mammal, but a fish.". goldfish are not mammals.  goldfish are not a mammals. tomatoes fall from the tree.  "tomatoes grow in the land, no a tree.". tomatoes grow on vines.  tomatoes grow in a bush. if you want to awake then you should stay awake. nobdy can always stay awake unless have rich sleeping time. you cannot wake up if you are already awake.  when you should go to sleep then i would awake. he stays sleepy while driving a cat at night.  it's unsafe and disobey the law against tired driving.  people do not drive cats.  it is best to stay awake while driving a car at night.  a cat swept the floor.  cats aren't able to sweep the floor.  cats do not care about sweeping. the broom was used to sweep a floor.  you can use a gas station to buy food for your family. gas station sells gas not food. "gas stations generally sell gas, not food.". a gas station is a bad place to buy food for your family. you can touch the wind.  wind is invisible and untouchable.  the wind is untouchable.  the wind does not have form therefore you feel the wind but do not touch it.  a tree is used for people to live in. a tree is not a type of building. people live inside of houses.  a tree can be used for birds to live in. the big tree is used to keep out the rain.  it's not safe to stand under a tree in the rain.  a big tree cannot be used to keep out the rain.  a tree has gaps between branches and so cannot keep out the rain. taking a shower is for getting yourself full. taking a shower will achieve consumption of energy. you can not get full in the shower. taking a shower does not fill one's stomach.  something you find at the doctor is microscope. microscope is not a tool for doctors to see a doctor. microscopes are in laboratories.  "doctors don't use microscopes, only lab technicians.". a watch has a head.  there isn't a watch with head.  head is not necessary for a watch.  "a watch has a face, not a head.". the effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight. losing your fight may destroy yourselves.  losing a fight would make your enemy happy. "after destruction of an enemy one gains strength, so he cannot lose.". employers can demand to be paid. employers should pay people they hire. "employers pay employees, they do not get paid". employers is impossible to make a demand. "when you go out, you must wear your necklace.". a necklace isn't necessary for you outside.  necklace not important to wear outside. necklace is not need to wear to go out. "things that are often found together are: tennis, bicycle rider". tennis and cycling are two generally different sports. tennis is not a bicycle rider. you can't play tennis while riding a bicycle. clerks work with their guns.  clerks don't have the right to carry guns.  guns are not something clerks use in their jobs.  guns are not provided to clerks.  most kids  in america have purchased one or more cars. most  kids in america can not afford one or more cars.  kids can not purchase cars. kids don't drive and they don't have enough money for cars.  the effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind. dirty is not usually associated with a refined mind. seeing dirt irritates people and does not refine them.  a person's mind is not usually refined by seeing something dirty.  the color of the banana is red. banana has a yellow peel. all babanas are yellow. banana's can range from green when unripe to black when rotten but they are never red.  an air-conditioning can deal with numbers.  "air-conditioning copes with temperature, not numbers.". an air conditioning does not understand numbers.  air conditioners do not compute numbers. i bought a ring with stones.  you can't buy anything with stones.  stones are often used in buildings.  stones are not a form of currency.  you are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room.  chicken can't hold tables and chairs.  chickens are living animals and do not have tables or chairs in them.  a table and chairs are both larger than a chicken.  the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it. the plane would make a louder noice outside. `we can't hear a noice outside the plane when we stay inside of it. you can't hear noise on the outside of a plane if you are inside.  the monkey ate some stone. monkeys can't eat stones. stones are not food. the monkey doesn't ate stone. the milk flowed from the tap. the tap won't run milk in most cases. "milk comes in containers, usually plastic or glass.". the water flowed from the tap. you and your opponents will finish the job together.  "it's wrong because you and your opponent are in a competitive relationship,". you and your opponents are enemies and cannot work together. opponents are people that work against you.  a journey is good reading material for updating one's knowledge.  in a journey you are sightseeing.  news is good reading material to find out about current affairs.  a journey is not reading material.  a baby can earn a lot of money. baby does not have the ability to make money. baby couldn't go to any job. baby is impossible to earn. a dumb man can sing.  dumb people even can't say anything.  dumb means a person cannot speak or sing.  dumb man cannot sing. jeff stole a bar.  the bar is a building and cannot be stolen.  "a bar could refer to any number of things of varying sizes such as a building, which couldn't be stolen.". it would be really hard to do.  a school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling.  a school bag is used for storing books and stationery for schooling.  a school bag  cannot hold enough clothes for travelling.  we cannot use school bag to store clothes for travelling.  something you find at an opera is a criminal. criminal should be in prison. a criminal is not expected to be found at the opera.  an opera is a place for entertainment and not crime.  a pap test is a geology test. geology does not include the pap test. medical treatment need pap test. pap tests are medical. many felt hot in the storm. the temperature in the storm will inrease. storms have lots of water which can be too cold for people.  storms can be dangerous. hackers maintain network security. hacking is a cybercrime activity. network security defends against hackers.  hackers do not protect the network because they are always stealing information. the effect of speaking is getting exercise. exercise can't be achieved through speaking. speaking isn't a physical exercise.  exercise does not give the effect of speaking.  if you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the tv. tv is not going outside to spend the night to prepare things. tv does not shows the time for an evening. the tv will not tell you if you can go outside or not.  i played with a dinosaur.  dinosaurs died out a long time ago.  dinosaurs are extinct.  dinosaur will not play.  the butterfly flies in the sky.  the sky is too high for a butterfly to fly.  a butterfly cannot fly to great heights.  the eagle flies in the sky.  you knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it.  rain is from the sky rather than humans.  its not reasoning for fight. the word rain is incorrectly used. you are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet. the eraser does not belong to the inside of the linen closet. "an eraser would be in a desk, not a linen closet.". eraser wold be found on a study table.  baseball happens around a football field.  a football field is for playing football.  only football is played in a football field.  baseball is not played on a football field.  stone provide food for many animals. stones cannot be supplied to animals as food. stones do not provide nutrition. stones are not food. the food of cow is stone. "if the cow eats stone, it will not digest". cows are not able to digest stones.  stone can not be eaten. people get sad about a payment rise. a payment rise usually means a more decent life. people get happy about having more money to spend.  people like earning more money. alumina is found in water. alumina does not form in water. bauxite has a alumina. water does not contain any compounds. the mosquito wagged his tail. mosquito has no tail. mosquito doesn't has tail. a mosquito does not have a tail. a box can contain a box bigger than it. small box can't contain big box. a box cannot contain something bigger than itself.  boxes can only contain smaller boxes. cats can photosynthesize in sunlight. plants have chloroplasts that cats don't. only plants can photosynthesize. cats are not a plant.  pig can climb the tree. pigs don't have the ability to climb trees. pigs don't have tree climbing ability.  pig can't climb anything. he walked an elephant on the street last night.  no one can walk an elephant on the street in reality. elephants are not allowed on streets. elephants would block the cars.  eyes can be used to feeling.  the eye isn't a sensory organ.  eyes have few nerves.  eyes are in your head and cannot touch things.  something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed. clothing store does not provide repair service. clothes at a shop are not damaged. a clothing shop is not a location for repair service.  ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old. playing the violin for a long time does not mean ben can play the piano. ben does not play the piano.  ben would only be able to teach the violin properly.  the noon sky is full of stars. stars can be only seen in cloudless dark night. stars only come out at night time. the noon sky would only have the sun out.  ms potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks. a cabinet in one's office is not for personal stuff. documents is not a socks. socks are not office material.  a blow dryer is for weting clothes. a blow dryer cannot produce water. hair dryer can not clean clothes.  a blow dryer is not for wetting clothes.  mary bought a book at a flower store. flower stores sell flowers instead of books. jack ate soup from a paper-bag.  books are purchased at bookstores.  dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash.  ice can't splash without melting.  "ice is solid, not liquid". ice does not alter when it is dripped on by water.  china's territory is smaller than japan's. china has more territory than japan. japan is a lot smaller than china in area.  china's territory is not larger than japan's. you can see the air.  air exists around us but we can't see it.  air is invisible. air is almost always invisible.  the increase in retirement pay makes old people sad. person usually want the state to increase benefits. increase in retirement pay means more money for old people. more money makes people more happy generally.  the moon is the planet of venus. the moon revolves around the earth. the moon is just part of planet earth. venus is a planet. the lake was on fire yesterday.  the lake can't catch fire because of the water.  fire does not burn on a lake. water is not flammable.  you can find many very tall buildings in a village.  there aren't many tall building in a village.  villages generally do not contain tall buildings.  villages do not have extensive architecture development.  fred played monkey on the ice.  playing monkey will hurt them.  monkey is not a thing to play. i don't think monkeys live on the ice and it's hard to touch them let alone play with them. tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket. the supermarket does not provide hair cutting services. "you buy food at a supermarket, it's not a hairdresser, tom!". food at supermarket. john changed his mend.  mend is needless to change.  you mend something that is broken.  mending is a process of repairing damaged clothing.  we have dinner at noon. dinner is usually eaten in the evening. "dinner is in the evening, not at noon". night food called as dinner. you would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family. there are no stamps in the news newspapers. you would read the newspaper because you want to gather information. "someone reads the newspaper to gather information, a stamp is not necessarily associated with a newspaper.". remembering something requires wealth. money can't be purchased to remember. you cannot buy memory.  money does not have the ability to effect memory.  you are likely to find plane in room. the room cannot accommodate the plane. a room cannot accommodate a plane.  planes are too large to fit in a standard room.  "i want to watch tv, so i turn on my mp3.". you can't watch tv on the mp3.  an mp3 is not tv.  mp3 contain songs only. something you might do while cleaning is break windows. "breaking windows is vandalism, not cleanliness". breaking windows is costly. break windows doesn't need to wash. soil can be used for make clocks. the soil is not the material of the clock. clocks can't run on dirt.  soil is not known to be made of things that have obvious uses for clock production.  you can drink some wine while driving.  it's illegal and unsafe to drink wine while driving.  you cannot drink alcoholic beverages while driving.  you can not drink and drive. wedding party can happen once every year.  many people have only one wedding party in their lifetime.  weddings happen only once in a life time.  wedding party is not a birthday party. people love horrible things. horrible things cast a psychological shadow. horrible is not beautiful. horrible things are not ordinarily loved by the average person. snow fell from the ocean.  ocean is not above the groud and does't creat snow.  ocean does not gives snow. snow falls from clouds that form in the outer atmosphere.  i need to take a patch of them.  people can't be split into patches.  patch is not a picture. patch can not be taken from someone.  alex uses youtube to contact with his collegues. youtube is for uploading and playing vedios instead of communicating. youtube is platform for posting videos.  youtube is a one way communication platform.  crying is a very happy thing. the sad mood that the crying brings to people. mostly sad thing make crying. happiness is expressed by laughter.  programmers write programs for fixed telephones.  fixed telephones don't need programs.  phone technicians fix phones.  telephones are not used to write programs by the programmers.  an activity someone can do is run when hungry.  people seldom have the strength to run when they are hungry. people stick to a diet plan on purpose.  "when you are hungry, your body is telling you to eat something.". the effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair. to get a haircut is to cut the hair and make it shorter. hair cuts always shorten your hair.  "a haircut removes hair, it does not add it.". lying is for fun. lying usually hurts people and it is not funny. lying isn't used for fun purposes.  lying is not good. i don't need this silly old coale.  coale is a person's name.  coale can be someone's first name.  coale is not a coat. dogs has a better vision than humans.  dogs have poor vision in fact.  dogs do not have better vision than humans.  dogs do not see as many colors as humans do.  drinking is good to health. drinking can destroy people's bodies. human health is not benefited by drinking.  drinking alcohol damages your liver.  a person wants enough mummy to take care of his family.  a person only have one mummy.  mummy don't take care of families. mummy never take care of family. ears can be used for touching.  "we usually touch others with face or hands, no ears.". hands are for touching. you touch with your hands.  almost every person has a food reference.  reference isn't possessed by everyone.  food cannot allude to a source of information. food cannot provide references. pork is inedible. pork is one of the most eaten meats. pork is food.  pork is widely known to be a consumable meat.  she worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet.  cabinet is too small to be inside.  she does not stay in a cabinet. "a person can not be ""at"" a dark cabinet, so they would not worry about it at all.". kate and her opponent help each other.  it's wrong because opponents are in a competitive relationship.  opponents are against each other.  kate and her opponent battle each other. you can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better. coffee helps people stay awake and will not help sleeping. coffee helps you stay alert due to high caffeine content.  hot coffee has caffeine which wakes you up.  the truck hit the dragon.  dragon doesn't exist in the world.  dragons are not real animals. dragons are imaginary creatures.  "when people get hurt, we can call artists for help". artists do not necessarily have first-aid skills. "artists do not help the injured, only doctors". artists create art they do not help injured people.  some medicines are bitter. some medicines are bitter. medicines are not generally bitter.  medicines taste unpleasant.  you are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground.  a shark lives in the ocean.  sharks live in the ocean.  shark is not possible in the ground. chairs have no legs.  all chairs need legs to keep balanced.  chairs have at least three legs.  chair stand by legs. humans get vitamins from stone. there is no vitamin in the stone. vitamins do not come from stones.  stone does not contain nutrients. cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes. cotton is not edible sugar. cotton is not sugar. sugar is a food material that would be easily dissolvable.  the people you help will hurt you. people are grateful to those who help them. help is not for hurt. if you help someone they should be grateful.  wear thin clothes in winter. wearing thin clothes in winter can't keep warm. you should wear thick clothes in the winter. cold weather warrants thick clothing for warmth.  riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands. riding a bicycle doesn't spend too much power from the hands.  bicycle good for specially legs. you use your legs when riding a bike.  you can see the sun when you are dark. no sun at night. the sun isn't out at night.  the sun comes out in the daytime.  iron is the lightest metal. the atomic mass of iron is larger than that of aluminum. iron is a heavier metal than aluminum.  lightest metal is not a iron.  a criminal can look after a country. a criminal always makes trouble for a country.  a criminal is not allowed to look after a country.  criminal doesn't need to look a country. a bowl used for cutting salad. bowl is short of function of cutting. knife only used for cutting salad. "a bowls edge is not sharp enough to cut a salad, so we use it to hold food instead.". you are likely to find a fox in a stone. there's usually nothing else in the stone let alone a fox. a stone cannot accommodate a fox.  a stone does not sustain life.  there are many kind of fish in a forest.  not much fish lives in a forest because there aren't much water.  fishes do not live in forests.  fish are not found within a forest.  people are very fast when jogging. running fast is not needed for jogging. people are very slow when jogging. jogging is not a fast running. spending money is for buying scenes.  some scenes can be seen for free.  scenes are part of stories and are not for sale.  spending money is for buying things. the man like to eat the stones.  stones can't be food for people.  you can not eat stones.  they are too hard to actually digest.  the sun is cold. the temperature of the sun is very high. the sun produces warmth. the sun is not a cold object.  it is important to know that sang is a future tense verb.  there is no future tense in english.  there is not a future tense form for the verb sing.  it's not correct that sang is a future tense verb.  something you find at a relatives house is mountain. the relatives' house cannot accommodate a mountain. "mountains are not found in peoples houses, they are outdoors.". mountains are natural formations. god is all powerless. people tend to think that god is powerful and turn to him for help. we typically submit to a more powerful being and so god is usually seen as more powerful than humans. god has more powers. i can move a mountain easily.  a mountain is so big and heavy that nobody can move it easily.  mountain is very big. mountains are huge and immobile.  ants cannot see. ants have eyes so they can see things. ants have a eyes to see. ants have eyes to see. macaws are carrots from rainforests in the americas. macaws are animals while carrots are plants. macaws are not carrots from the rainforest.  macaws are colorful birds who live in the jungle. you may see a dog on the moon. dogs can't survive on the moon. a dog could not survive on the moon.  "the moon has almost no oxyen, so a dog could not live there.". i bought a star yesterday.  stars in the sky can't be sold or bought.  stars are not for sale.  stars are in the sky and it belongs to the universe.  the river flows from the mountains to the sky. water usually flows from higher ground to lower ground. rivers do not flow upward into the sky. it would defy gravity for a river to flow into the sky.  nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company. a soap dish is for holding soap. nancy used a food container to carry lunch to her company. lunchboxes or paperbags are used to carry lunches to work.  a weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official.  weeding means removing weeds from some areas.  "weeding is used to remove unwanted plants, weeds, from a garden, lawn or otherwise. it is considered work or labor, and is not a traditional way of beginning a relationship in any religion, culture or otherwise. at least not to my knowledge.". a weeding would be two people hanging out in a garden.  the bird sings beautiful story. story can not be sung. birds do not sing stories because they have no words.  the bird can't talk. people go to the mall to fish and eat. there is no river or ocean for fishing in the mall. you can not fish at the mall.  people do not go to the mall to fish and eat.  if you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet.  your feet do no influence you when you kiss. feet are not usually involved in kissing.  feet are not used to kiss. the bible originated in asia. the bible is a classic of christianity and christianity is not in asia. asian religion is generally not christian.  asia is not a place to originate the bible.  a is an example of a programming language.  there isn't a programming language named a.  a is not a programming language. a is not an example of a prgramming. the hour hand is longer than the minute hand. the length of the minute hand in the clock is longer than the hour hand. minute hands are the long hands.  the minute hand is shorter then the hour hand.  some people like their hotdogs with relic.  relic aren't edible.  a relic is not a hot dog condiment.  relic is not a condiment.  a rabbit can knock people down.  a rabbit is too small to knock people down.  a rabbit is a weak animal.  the rabbit less strength animal than lion so it can not knock people down.  you may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant. no pants are sold in the restaurant. restaurants sell food. "restaurants sell food, not pants.". i eat a banana without peeling it.  no one can eat banana skin.  people do not eat banana peels. "bananas have a hard skin on them, makes them hard to eat". heat helps bacteria growing.  bacteria die under heat.  bacteria has been shown to not grow when submitted to heat.  heat prevents bacteria not helps. stone is liquid. the stone is hard and therefore is solid. stones are not pliable.  stone is a solid not a liquid. most people must sell their labor to get air.  it is easy for people to get air.  air is free.  air is free in this world. turner started her own restaurant business. terner is a name for the male. "turner is a guy, so it would not be ""her"" business.". turner would not start her own business because he is a man.  his father praised him for breaking the glass. it is a mistake to break the glass. fathers get upset when somone breaks something. generally a father becomes angry when his son breaks something of important.  telling is unimportant when teaching others. the first thing you do when you teach other people is telling. teaching means share our knowledge so we should open our mouth. every step should be explained when teaching.  he is playing badminton with dolphins. dolphins can't play badminton in most cases. a dolphin has no hands to hold a badminton raquette.  dolphins doesn't has hand. people usually eat moon cakes on spring festival. eating moon cakes is not a custom of spring festival. spring is not a season for moon watching. people usually eat apple pies during spring festival.  dogs are afraid of cats.  there is no evidence shows that dogs are afraid of cats.  depenrs on size. mice will get eaten by cats.  rainbow appears after snow.  rainbow always appears after rain.  rainbows are not seen in winter.  rainbows appear after rain and sometimes thunderstorms.  a paper contains songs.  "papers don't have memory, so it can't storage songs.". a paper is not a music media. songs does not available in a paper.  many dogs go camping on weekends. the dogs doesn't go camping to relax like people.  a dog doesn't have the intelligence to go camping on it's own.  "dogs cannot plan, prepare, or drive to camp at any time". a hair care article is for funny. the purpose of hair care products is not to bring people fun. an hair care article is about hair care and hair care products only.  a hair care article is informative and not funny.  turtles can jump onto a table or chair.  "no turtle can jump, they only crawl.". turtles don't jump.  turtles are too small to jump that high up.  i watch the opera in the cinema.  there is no opera at the cinema.  operas only play at opera houses.  "cinema houses play movies, not put on opera's.". the butterfly is turned from bees. bees are not butterfly larvae. bees are a different species of insect. butterflies and bees are two different species.  my cat answered the phone.  no cat can answer the phone.  phone cannot answered by the cat.  a cat cannot talk. the child likes drinking wines.  children should not drink wines.  children cannot drink wine. wine should not be consumed by children.  a state is a position within a box. a state will not in a box. states are geographical demarcations.  a point is a position within a box.  a matter can name her child.  a matter is an object.  matter is not a material that can have thoughts to name a child.  matter is not a living human and can not change anything. men often wear dresses in the summer.  very few men wear dresses.  men avoid wearing too many dresses in summer due to the heat. most men don't wear dresses.  the blind can't read any books.  the blind can read some special books with their hands.  blind does not have a vision to read. the blind can read books written in braille script.  people jump  to get in shape. jump does bad in getting in shape.  jumping is not enough exercise.  jumping is not the best exercise.  the baby put his top in his mouth.  mouth is on baby's top.  a top is too large to fit into a baby's mouth. top is not a toy. you can conquer your opponent without understanding him.  "as the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy.". you do not know what your opponent is capable of.  understanding an opponent is important to conquering him.  jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo. the dinosaur is extinct. dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaurs do not exist in present day.  a drill is for writing.  "a drill is for drilling, not writing.". drills are for putting screws in things. a drill is not a writing implement.  people can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school. people can go to middle school after they have finished elementary school. middle school comes after elementary school.  younger people is not possible to enroll in middle school. mike can eat an elephant.  an elephant is too large to eat.  elephant is big animal. people can not eat something as big as an elephant. the father asked his 8-year-old son to buy a packet of cigarette.  8-year-old children cannot buy cigarettes.  a 8 year old can not buy a packet of cigarettes because its against the law. eight year olds are not allowed to buy cigarettes.  fares can be dangerous.  people touch fares everyday.  the money someone pays for public transportation does not pose a threat to anyone.  fare is not a dangerous one. the pilot is piloting his bus across the atlantic. buses usually cannot cross the atlantic. buses sink in water.  you cannot drive a bus across water.  the patient is recovering from illness in a market.  the market isn't a quiet place for a patient to recover.  a market is not where patients recover from sickness.  a market is not a place for a somebody recovering from a illness. you are likely to find a white house in the countryside. white house is in washington city. the white house is in washington dc. the white house is in a very specific location in the city of washington. swimming often damages health.  swimming is an sport and keeps people healthy.  swimming is not bad for one's health.  swimming is good for health. the teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them. "generally speaking, students like a gentle teacher". friendly people are not disliked by others.  friendly people are well liked. junk food is a healthy food serving. junk food makes people fat and causes health damage. healthy food is fresh.  junk food is unhealthy.  most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy.  most people will feel happy when they finish watching a comedy.  most people laugh at a comedy. most of us will laugh when we finish watching a comedy. there are cats swimming in the lake.  no cat can swim.  cats cannot swim in the lake.  cats don't enjoy the water.  my mp3 rings when somebody calls me.  there is no answering function for the mp3.  mp3 are not cellphones. mp3 is not a conversation thing to call. we went to the halal canteen for pork. halal canteens don't serve pork. pork is forbidden food at a halal store.  pork is not used in halal canteen.  my bed smiled at me.  bed has no emotional so could not smile.  a bed is a non-living thing.  beds don't have mouths.  flowers are animals.  "flowers are plants, not animals.". flowers are plants.  flowers are not viewed as animals since they do not interact with the world in the way other animals do.  he sent the injured dog to a cinema. a cinema does not have doctors and medical equipment. cinema is not place for take a treatment. dogs don't go to the cinema. steak is a type of food made from pig.  people use cattle to make steak but not pig.  steak is not a pork product.  steak is not from pig. worms are much bigger than birds. the size of bird is many times of worms'. worms are very small compared to birds. worms are small enough to fit down a bird's throat.  buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital.  a local hospital doesn't sell fruits.  hospital cannot sell a fruits. hospital for take treatment. words can show scenes. "in normal, words can not show scenes exactly". "words do not move, you have to read and interpret them using your own imagination.". scenes can't literally be shown by words.  you can take a pill when you are hungry.  you can't take the pills at will.  you can eat a meal when you are hungry.  pill is taken for pain.  she likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage.  no one wants to dream up a storage.  storage doesn't has adventure. adventure is a story not a storage. they paid their taxes to their company.  a company has no right to collect taxes.  non-governmental employers generally do not tax their employees.  companies take taxes out of your pacheck for taxes workers owe the government.  the doctor works in a hotel. the hotel has no treatment. a hotel is unlikely to be a doctor's workplace.  the doctor would have nowhere to practice in a hotel. hair grows on the ass. the ability to grow hair on the ass. the ass is not the expected place for human hair to grow.  "hair does indeed grow on the ass, as hair grows virtually on every part of the human body, with exception of very few regions.". you are likely to find a tiger on a board. tiger is a dangerous animal that cannot appear on board. you are very likely to find a tiger in the jungle.  tigers live in the wild. something you find in a stone is a blue flower. flowers cannot grow on stones. stones are generally too hard and solid for flowers to grow in.  stones cannot sustain life.  the cat gets some gold.  gold is too hard for the cat to eat.  gold is not food.  cats do not understand the value of gold.  water is for putting in your car engine. water does not act as fuel in a car engine. water should not be put inside a car engine.  water may repair engine. a hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together. hug is not putting two lips together. a hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by wrapping their arms around each other.  a hug is when two people put their arms around each other. beijing is hot in winter.  beijing is cold in winter.  winter is cold.  beijing has different seasons.  the monkey flew up the tree. monkeys have no wings. monkey's cannot fly.  monkey did not flew. helen was so happy that he slept.  "when people are happy, they don't want to sleep.". she was happy somebody got some sleep. happiness does not usually put people to sleep.  less people seek knowledge. there some people are seeking knowledge. people like to learn.  knowledge is desirable.  sally flew an airplane to the mall.  it's impossible for someone to fly an airplane without limit.  people don't use airplanes for short trips.  sally cannot land an airplane at the mall. something that might happen while driving is transporting the building.  a building cannot be moved intactly. driving is for transporting not for building. a building wouldn't fit in a car.  you may see a cat flying in the sky. cats can't fly without wings. cats lack the wings to fly.  cats can't fly.  cat has one lives. "once the cat has died, it can no longer live". cat has nine lives. "the expression ""a cat has nine lives"" is well-known, and ""one"" is singular while ""lives"" is plural.". studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class. a class does not need to be passed. a class may cover many different subjects.  intensive study periods usually do not last for the entire duration of a course.  lighting a match is for creating a flood. "a match can generate fire, not water". "lighting a match does not produces water , which is required to create flood". a match will not stay lit in water. we charge something it becomes small. charging lets things powerful rather than small. small thing does not need charge. """charging"" a thing is not inherently known to make it small.". mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work. usually the boss is satisfied with the outstanding work. excellent work is appreciated.  cant be mad at someone for soing a food job. you might find a house stable in a manor house.  no one builds a house in another house.  a house stable is not a real thing and it is not in a manor house.  there is no such thing as a house stable. fish can fly.  "fish can't fly, they swim.". fish cannot fly.  fish cannot fly. a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on. bikes are not automobile while a motorway is for automobile vehicles. motorway for four vehicles. motorway is not for bikes. the subway is slower than the bus. the speed of the subway is not limited by the traffic flow faster than the bus. "subways are similar to trains in speed, while buses are comparable to cars and drive in traffic.". an airplane is faster than a car.  we must exercise to sustain energy levels. exercise will consume energy.  exercising drains energy levels. exercise uses energy.  panda's favorite food is stone. stone can't be used as food. living creatures cannot eat stone.  animals lack the ability to digest stones.  my parents were sad at my good grade in an exam.  parents are always happy to see their children getting a good grade.  your parents want you to get a good grade on the exam.  good grade in an exam will not make my parents sad.  "john had more cakes than he should, so he was slim". too many cakes means too much sugar which cannot make people slim. eating too many cakes does not make a person thinner.  eating many cakes would cause john to gain weight. crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally. a license is to permit someone to do something legally. that would'nt be smart because she can go to jail for buying an illegal gun.  licenses are used to legally purchase guns. you will feel sad after you do exercise.  doing exercise is good for people and usually will make them sad.  exercise doesn't make you sad but is good for mental health.  exercise makes people feel better. a book is for keeping track of time.  "a book is for reading, not keeping track of time.". a book doesn't show time.  books do not have hour or minute hands to keep time. universe has a surface.  the universe is boundless and has no surface to speak of. "the universe is infinite, making it difficult to measure.". there is no visible surface to the universe.  a person wants to live a short time. people always long for themselves to live longer. no one wants to die young. nobody wants to live a short life. something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent. a policeman should protect the innocent against the criminal. innocent people do not need to be fought against.  policeman are meant to protect innocent people. ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends. a calculator cannot play movies. you can only perform calculations on a calculator.  you don't watch things on calculators. the deaf are not handicapped. the deaf have trouble to hear so they are handicapped. the inability to hear is a handicap. deafness is also a handicap.  she counldn't see any puddings or roads.  pudding is a sweet dish.  puddings wouldn't be a priority to see along with roads. puddings are not usually spotted on roads.  getting more drinks is for being healthy.  drinking too much does harm to health.  drinks are unhealthy for your body.  drinks will not keep us healthy.  bags can be made of water.  water can't be made into bags at all.  water is liquid.  water is a liquid. waiter is the most common liquid on earth.  waiter serves people.  a waiter serves food and is not a liquid.  waiters are solid. you would attend school because you want to earn money.  students can't earn money by attending school.  attending school is not often motivated solely by a desire to make money.  school is learning place. the cat play with the mice. cats are natural enemies of mice. "cat's do not play with mice, they are food.". cat and mice are enemies. a calendar is for writing emails. a calendar does not function to communicate. a computer is used to write emails.  an email account is used to write emails.  tuning forks are used for eating.  no one can eat tuning forks.  tuning forks are used to make sure an instrument is in tune.  tuning forks do not have an efficient shape for forking food.  dogs usually read book.  dogs can't read book as people.  dogs do not have the mental capacity to read.  book cannot read by dogs.  tony rode a shark when traveling in mongolia. sharks live in the ocean and are too dangerous to be riden. sharks live in the water. a shark is too dangerous to ride.  you can use wifi to locate yourself. wifi does not have the function of locating. wifi is not used to find a location. wifi has only internet connection. you should spit banana seeds when eating bananas.  banana seeds is too small and soft to spit.  a banana does not have any seeds.  bananas don't have seeds. something you can find in a school is planes. planes park in airports instead of schools. school doesn't place for planes. planes are nevver in schools.  horses can survive in the deserts.  horses can't live long in the deserts.  horses is not a camels. deserts doesn't a good place for deserts. the stone flew freely in the air.  stones are impossible to fly freely themselves.  stone cannot fly. stones are heavy and would fall to the ground.  tom ate a stone. stone can't eat. that person bought a watermelon.  a stone is not healthy to eat. you can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope. rope cannot be put onto a tape dispenser. tape dispensers are too small to hold rope. rope is too large to be held by a tape dispenser. jim lived in a tree.  a human can't live in a tree.  people do not live in trees.  people live in buildings and not trees.  mercury is an explosive. mercury is toxic to humans but not explosive. mercury is not flammable.  mercury doesn't has a explosive materials. tim had a party at his bathroom last night. bathroom is for bath and there is no place for a party. bathroom for take a bath. the smelly atmosphere of a bathroom and the limited space would prevent it from being a good place to have a party.  the place where the teacher works is the bank. teacher teaches at school. "banks employ bankers, not teachers.". "banks are where financial transactions take place, not teaching.". obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public. microscopes cannot be used to amplify sound. "microscopes are used for enhancing vision, one would not serve a purpose during a speech.". microscope is not a microphone. detergent is for washing face. detergent is too harsh for face. detergent has injurious chemical for face. detergent is for fabric not skin. summer is a time when snows happen frequently.  it doesn't snow frequently in summer in many places.  snow happens during the winter while summer is characterized by warm weather. because it doesn't snow in winter very often.  my mother prond of me. pets can't talk and we can't understand their feelings. prond is not an actual word.  my mother prond of me. you are likely to find a computer in the bathroom. the computer may be broken in the bathroom. bathroom is not place for computer. "you will only find toilets, urinals, and sinks in a bathroom.". wedding cards are unexpensively finished. wedding cards are expensive for people. wedding cards are usually expensively made.  wedding cars are expensive.  "she felt like she stood in a whole new world, a world made of mountain pearls and stone.". pearl is from oyster which lives in the sea.  mountain does not has pearls. "pearls come from oysters, not mountains.". you are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground. brass instruments are not stored in the playground. "unless it's a teacher wearing a brass groin cup, you'll never find the kids playing with their instruments outside, they're too busy eating or running around like. . kids!". brass instruments are not kept on the playground.  if you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the tv. tv is not a tool to chat with friends. you can chat with friends on the telephone and watch tv.  tv is not a chatting one. lisa drove her dogs to school. dogs are usually not allowed at school. dogs are not human and don't learn at human school. dogs don't learn like children do. sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms. sports lessons are usually taken in field. sports are played only outside classrooms.  sports is not for inside. humans can survive on mars. mars does not have the conditions for human existence. there is not enough oxygen on mars for a human to survive. humans need oxygen and food and there is none on mars.  the density of iron is smaller than that of water. "iron will sink in the water, so its density is bigger than water". iron has much greater mass than the same amount in water.  iron is heavier than water.  an exit is for entering a place.  an exit is for exit a place.  you always leave through the exit.  entrance and exit serve different purposes.  people just like to spend money on ugly things. people spend more money on beautiful things than the ugly. people don't buy ugly things.  people hate ugly things. a cook works in a school.  "a cook works in a restaurant, not a school.". cook work in hotel or some other cooking places. a cook works in a restaurant.  my brother eats bones.  bones are too hard for a person to eat.  humans eat food.  he is not a dog. you are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed. the cabinet is not a bedding will not appear in the bed. "a cabinet case is too large to have in , around or on a bed". "cabinet cases don't exist, and would be found on a cabinet or in a kitchen.". if you want to skate then you should wear sneakers.  sneakers are not suitable for skating.  you would slip on the ice with sneakers. it's not possible to wear sneakers and skates simultaneously.  you can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip.  suit is a set of clothes.  suits do not have large enough pockets to hold all your clothes.  suits do not help with packing. a wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around. a desk on wheels is not designed for the handicapped to get around. a desk is not mobile.  wheels are not attached to desks to help one move around.  people enjoy suffering.  suffering makes people feel bad.  "suffering is an unpleasant experience, not enjoyable.". "no one enjoys living in misery, or suffering. people enjoy things that do the opposite, like fill them with joy.". a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house. people do not wash garbage before throwing them away. dirty dishes do not get thrown away after being washed.  cleaned dishes are usually put back in the cupboard for later use.  london is the captain of england.  captain is a person.  london is the capital seat of england. london is not a captain but a city.  the fuel of the car is water. water can't provide energy for cars. cars use gasoline as fuel.  water will kill and engine. cat has two feet. cat has four feet. cats have four feet. healthy cats have four feet. something you find at a party is homework. people don't do homework at parties. homework is not fun.  homework is never part of a party.  mom uses the oven to keep food cool. refrigerators can be used to cool. ovens are used to warm up or cook food.  an oven is used for cooking or baking food.  the vet is pruning the bushes. bushes are difficult for vet to manage. "vets work with animals, not bushes.". vet is not a gardener. flashman is the role of marvel universe. flashman is the superhero of the dc universe. flashman is not a marvel character.  flashman is not a a character in the marvel universe.  you are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store. ovens are usually sold in electronics stores not home improvement store. home improvement stores are to spruce up areas of your house.  "home improvement stores carry items needed to construct improvements to flooring, walls, cabinets, and lighting.". li keqiang is the chairman of china. likeqiang is the prime minister of china. seems like that would not be a china name.  the chairman of china is not named li keqiang.  seahorses run very fast.  "seahorses swim in the sea, not run.". seahorses do not have legs. seahorses anatomical structure are without legs.  you may see a monster in the tree. monsters can't appear on trees in real life. monsters do not exist. monster is not a bird. augustine is a saint  he did live in the same time as we. augustine is a great man thousands of years ago. saint always different from human. st augustine lived a few centuries ago.  the man went to a bar with his 5-year-old son.  5-year-old children are not allowed to get in a bar.  bars generally have age limits much higher than 5 years old on the clientele they will serve.  children are not allowed in bars.  plastic belong to conductor. plastic can not be electrically conductive and not a conductor. metal plating belongs to a computer.  plastic is not conductive.  astronauts used their wings to get on board the saturn v spacecraft.  human beings have no wings.  astronauts haven't wings. people cannot fly.  a million is ten times a thousand.  a million is thousand times a thousand.  a million is a thousand times a thousand.  "no, ten times a thousand is ten thousand.". tony plays badminton with his dog. dogs can't play badminton in most cases. a dog is not able to play badminton.  a dog cannot play badminton because it has no hands. you can use a stone to control a vcr. stone does not control the vcr. you need to use your fingers to control a vcr.  a stone does not have any mechanism to control the vcr.  the mother fries stones for her children in the morning.  the mother should know that stones can't be eaten.  no one eat stones. stones aren't food. if you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog.  a dog can't help you when you apply for a job.  applying for a job requires information about your skills and experience.  most jobs do not require ownership of a dog. glue can erase pencil markings. glue is used to stick items rather than wipe pencil marks. pencil markings are not erasable by using glue.  glue binds things and can not erase things.  rainbow has five colors. "the seven colors of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, blue, and purple". rainbow has seven colors not five. rainbows are known to have seven colors.  the earthworm is a segmented mammal. "the earthworm is a kind of worm, not mammal". the earthworm is an arthropod.  earthworm is a kind of worm. the stars attacked the mailman. stars are outside the earth and they can't touch him.  stars are high in the sky and don't attack.  stars do not have life.  the tire went fat.  fat is used to describe people's figures.  tire is a nonliving thing. tires can be full or flat.  he uses air to buy the ball.  air is free and can't be exchanged for the ball.  air is not a monetary denomination.  he uses money to buy the ball. "after work, tom would like to have a big meal at hospital". hospitals are for curing diseases instead of having meals. you do not go to the hospital to have a meal.  "it like to have a little food at hospital, not a big meal". hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos. people can't decorate jewelry or tattoos on their hair. hair is not good for jewelry or tattoos. tattoos can not be put on the hair.  a person wants to share his life with someone he hates.  it's hard for a person to share something with someone he hates.  no one wants to spend time with someone they hate.  can't share a life with anyone who hates. people eat stones for breakfast.  stones are too hard to eat.  people can't digest stones and this would make them very ill. stone is not a food to eat. you may see a child driving. the child is not eligible to drive the vehicle. you can't have a license under the age of 16.  childhood driving is very uncommon.  the butterfly landed on the sun. the butterfly can't reach the sun. there are no living creatures on the sun because it is far too hot to sustain life.  impossible to land on the sun. china has 34 provincial administrative regions. provincial administrative districts are not equivalent to administrative districts. china has 34 administrative regions. china does not have provinces.  gloves are used to protect the feet. gloves on the hands instead of the feet. gloves are worn on hands. gloves is used only for hands. this is a red trunk. trunk is brown.  red is color not trunk. trunk cannot be in red.  a moment is a lifetime. lifetime is really longer than a moment. a lifetime isn't a factual method of calculating time.  moments are very short. people sleep in rivers.  no people can sleep in water.  "rivers are moving water, you can't sleep in them.". it would be really hard to sleep in water.  difference between a strip mall and a patio: a patio is public. people can walk around at the strip mall and not on the patio. patio is public not private. patio is private property. people may taste spicy when they drink coffee. coffee does not contain spicy things. coffee does not contains a spicy taste. some coffee have spices in it. you are likely to find a bomb in a building. it is not allowed to appear in the building. bombs are not commonly found in buildings. bombs are very dangerous.  bicycle has four wheels. bicycle relies on two wheel movements. bi means two.  the bi in bicycle indicates it only has two wheels. coffee are made from sand.  sand can't be made into coffee.  we don't drink sand.  sand is not edible.  a child can roll uphill on skates.  uphill is sloping upwards.  a child would roll backwards if they tried to roll uphill on skates.  you can only roll if you have speed or are going down.  babies have no father.  all babies have a father by blood.  babies need a father.  every babies have a father. a plumber can fix a computer. computers need professional people to fix them not plumbers. plumbers did not train to fix computers.  a plumber does not have the technical knowledge to fix a computer.  he takes the dinosaur back home. dinosuar is too big to take back home. dinosaurs don't exist anymore. dinosaurs are extinct.  jack bought a dress in a book shop.  there aren't dresses sold in a book shop.  a book shop does not sell dresses.  jack bought a magazine in a book shop.  i plant to be the top student in our school.  a top student isn't from being planted.  planting is not generally a means to becoming a top student.  students are not a plant. viruses are good for people.  viruses often make people sick and unhealthy.  viruses are harmful and hard to consume.  viruses can be for anybody that gets infected. mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system. mars is the second planet in the solar system and neptune is the last. mars is not the furthest planet from the sun.  mars is the closet to the sun. i must buy a newspaper before go to a movie.  the newspaper isn't necessary before going to a movie.  newspaper will not work as movie admission. a newspaper is not required for admission to a movie.  "they like to hold the tiger,". people are afraid of the tiger at most situation.  it would be incredibly dangerous to hold a tiger.  tigers are ferocious.  dogs are fish.  dogs are mammals.  dogs are mammals.  dogs are mammals. a hotel is where you learn knowledge.  a hotel is where you stay and rest temporarily.  a hotel is not the typical place where knowledge is taught.  "hotels are for staying at, not learning.". grass can clean clothes. grass has no use for cleaning clothes. grass stains clothes.  clothes cannot be cleaned by grass.  he only has two feet. almost everyone have two feet. everyone has two feet. people have at most two feet.  people use lipsticks to eat noodles. lipsticks are made for coloring lips. lipsticks are too short to eat noodles.  lipsticks used for makeup. japanese flag has a five-pointed star pattern. the pattern of the japanese flag has only one sun. the japanese flag does not have a five pointed star.  thete is no star pattern in a japanese flag.  jack likes to play foot at the playground.  no one likes playing his foot.  foot is not a game.  you cannot play with foot at a playground. it is logical to believe in magic. magic does not exist in real life. magic is not real.  magic is not real. you are likely to find a elephant in trees. a elephant lives in the flat groud.  an elephant cannot climb a tree.  elephants are too big to climb trees.  a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails. fruit stores don't usually sell screws and nails. a fruit store sells only fruits and not tools. a fruit shop is not suitable for buying screws and nails. you are likely to find a roof in a garage. a roof should be at the top of a house. roof cannot found in the garage.  roofs are found on top of houses.  plastic forks are expensive and disposable. plastic forks cost less and therefore sell less. plastics are always cheap. plastic forks are very cheap.  "a person wants to drink cool, dirty water.". dirty water is bad for health. no one wants dirty water.  dirty water is bad to drink.  necklaces are articles of clothing.  necklaces are only ornaments.  necklaces are extra make up. necklaces are accessories.  the arctic pole is warmer than many places.  the arctic pole is colder than many places too.  the arctic pole is very cold. the arctic pole is one of the coldest places on the planet.  it's a shame to accept the honor.  we always feel proud when accepting honors.  shame is associated with a negative feeling for behaving inappropriately.  "an honor is a good thing, something to be proud of achieving.". susan uses his bike to call john.  the bike don't have call function.  a bike can not call someone. bikes don't transmit sound.  heroin is good for people. heroin has great damages to our health. heroin is not beneficial for humans.  heroin is considered to have adverse health effects.  dogs don't like eating meat.  dogs like eating both bones and meat.  dogs are carnivores. dogs are carnivores and do like eating meat. giving assistance is for revenge. evil people will help from the perspective of revenge. assistance is not against a person. revenge does not give assistance.  guilty people are praised.  people won't praise guilty people to do more something bad.  people who are guilty of a crime do not commonly receive praise.  people who are guilty should not be praised.  people eating while taking a shower. people can't eat when they take a shower. while taking shower we cannot eat.  eating in the shower is ideal due to the food becoming saturated with water and therefore very soggy.  elephants carry goods with their long necks. elephants do not have long necks in nature. elephants don't have long necks.  elephants necks is small. you may find a lion in the soil. lion living on land. lions live in the sahara. soil is not a place where lions might be discovered.  carduelis is an insect.  carduelis is a bird.  "carduelis are birds, not insects.". carduelis is a flower. punching someone is for help someone.  punching is always a way of punishment.  punching is painful. punching hurts people. the phone rang and he put it down.  "to answer the phone, we should pick it up.". the phone has to be picked up before being able to be put down.  people have to pick up the phone to be able to answer it.  he wants to have some fiends.  no one wants to be with fiends.  nobody likes to have fiends.  fiends are mean and he would not want any of those.  something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand. "when you walk, you use your feet instead of your hands". watching your hand will not keep you from falling.  you don't need to watch your hand before you fall.  the shape of the earth is square. the shape of the earth resembles an egg that is round. the earth is round.  the shape of the earth is round.  ice melts into stone. ice is water and melts into water instead of stones. ice is water. ice and stone are not the same type of material. i can use a washer to cook. the washer can wash clothes instead of cooking. you can only use a washer to wash clothes.  "a washer is for cleaning, not cooking.". a viola is for eating. violas are not edible for people. a viola is made of wood and wood is not edible.  "violas are made of wood and metal, which you shouldn't eat.". mozart is a scientist. mozart has created many excellent music works. mozart did not perform science experiments. mozart was a world class musician. it's hot since it's snowing.  snowing makes it colder. it has to be below freezing to snow outside.  its cold since its snowing. an iron is used to cook food.  "an iron is used to iron clothes, not cook.". an iron is not for cook. an iron is used to get the wrinkles out of clothes.  potatoes grow on a tree.  potatoes can only grow in the earth.  potatoes grow in the ground.  potatoes grown on underground. going for a haircut is for eating. you can't eat when you have a haircut. u don't eat hair. a haircut is not related to the act of eating.  birds usually eat vipers.  vipers are poisonous to birds.  birds do not eat snakes.  pests is not vipers. his dog has a worse hearing than him.  dogs have a better sense of hearing than human.  dogs usually have very keen hearing.  dogs usually have a sharp hearing.  the dumplings got sick. dumplings is not living things that could get sick. dumplings are an inanimate food item. dumplings are a food and do not get illnesses.  i have to do buses.  only one person can't create buses.  "you drive buses, not do them.". "it is not possible to do buses, they are a mode of transportation.". the doctor ruled the guilty.  the doctor has no power to rule the guilty.  doctors have no judicial authority.  a doctor does not make guilty determinations.  pamela is a man's name. almost human named pamela are female. pamela is not a man's name.  pamela is a name usually given to a woman.  a car window is part of a motor vehicle.  a motor vehicle doesn't need a car window.  window is not part of motor vehicle. a car window is not a required part necessary to make a motor vehicle go.  if you want to take a bath then you should use a stone.  a stone can't help you at all when you take a bath.  stone does not clean like a soap.  stone doesn't remove dirt from our body. "if you drop a contact lens, it can be easy to find". a contact lens is transparent. contact lenses are difficult to find when dropped.  contact lens are clear and are hard to find when dropped.  bob smoked in the elevator.  smoking in the elevator is impolite and forbidden.  smoking in elevators is prohibited. smoking is prohibited in an elevator.  a madman killed a stone.  a stone don't have life.  a stone is not alive and can't be killed. stone has not dead. sugar is bitter.  sugar is always sweet.  sugar is always sweet.  sugar is sweet. my family eat mooncakes at christmas.  mooncakes is made for mid-autumn festival and not for christmas.  "traditional christmas food is usually ham, turkey, and vegetables.". mooncakes are not a christmas food.  the bird was a hunter. bird hasn't the ability of a hunter. hunter means hunting animal or bird. hunter means a hunting animal or bird. the library is used for cooking.  cooking isn't allowed in any library.  the library is a place where you can rent books.  the library is not a kitchen. a storm is coming so we should go swimming. going swimming at storm is dangerous. "during storms, it is much safer if people avoid water activities such as swimming.". storms are very dangerous and should be avoided.  evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time. evolution is a change in the right direction. evolution means growth and that is the opposite of stability.  creatures can change for their environment over a long period of time.  something you find in class is salesmen. salesmen do not work at school. a salesman  does not have any work in a class.  you find students in a classroom. sally chopped the parrots.  parrot is a bird trained as pets.  you do not chop parrots for food.  sally would not chop parrots.  men often wear skirts in summer.  very few men wear skirts.  most me do not wear ladies clothing. "women usually wear skirts, not men.". a store stove is for storing cheese. cheese needs to be kept low temperature. stove doesn't store anything. cheese needs to be kept cold so it doesn't go bad.  if you want to play tennis then you should weat skates.  skates are not suitable for playing tennis.  weat skates doesn't need for tennis. skates are not normal tennis gear.  baskets keep food fresh. baskets can hold food but not keep it fresh. a basket does not offer refrigeration.  baskets is not a refrigerators. the higher you go the hotter it gets. the temperature is reducing with the hight increasing for the qulity of hot atmosphere is light. air is cooler in high elevations.  that is not true in all cases.  the baby held grandma.  a boby can't hold an adult.  a baby is much smaller than his or her grandma. grandma held a child.  mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer.  so far no one can get to the sun yet.  sun is away from our earth. the sun is way too hot to travel to.  we can sent our friends a moon at their birthday. the moon is out of reach. moon is outer of our earth. the moon is impossible to move or give away. the effect of going on the stage is sad. the stage tends to spread happiness rather than sadness. being on stage should be fun.  sadness is not tje the feeling one gets while going on the stage.  monet is a physicist. monet has many valuable paintings. monet is a famous painter. monet is a famous dead artist who was not known to be involved with physics.  you should find a computer that's on the mars. there is no computer on the mars. mars doesn't has anything. there are no people on mars and no way to get there. we often set the oven to wake us up the night before. the oven is used to bake things not as an alarm clock. oven never alert us to wake up. an oven does not have an alarm function. you sign bread. bread can not be signed. bread is eatable. you would ruin bread if you touched it with a pen.  he always yells at people when he's happy.  people in a good moodvseldom yell at others.  people don't yell when they are happy. people do not yell at others when they are happy. the plane is slower than the car. the speed of the plane is many times higher than car. "a car doesn't fly, so it's slower than a plane". cars are usually much slower than planes.  you are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus. sharks living in water cannot be found on land. sharks are likely to be found in the ocean and not the grouond.  "sharks are found in bodies of water, not in the ground or under plants.". "this is a photographer of a collection of fruit, including apples, oranges, bananas, grapes, and a pineapple.". photographer is a career.  a photographer cannot be a collection of fruit.  photographer is not a collection. if you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat. ears cannot hear heat. heat does not produce noise.  heat is not produce a sound to listen. you would examine a thing because it is simple. simple things don't need to be examined. you would examine a thing because it is complex. most people examine something to determine a solution to the complex problem. you want to eat the net. the net is not food. net is for surf not to eat. net is not a food to eat. bark is part of a computer. a computer does not made from any wood. computer does not have bark.  computers are made of metal not of trees. football is square. every perspective of football looks like a circle instead of a square. the football couldn't fly through the air if it was square.  square is not a football shape. an enermy is a person who cares about you.  an enemy is a person who hates you.  an enemy doesn't cares about you. an enemy only tries to harm you as he hates you.  chopsticks can contain food. chopsticks do not have the ability to contain food. chopsticks are solid objects.  chopsticks are used to eat with.  we picked the watermelon from the tree. apples grow on trees but watermelons don't. watermelons don;t grow on trees. "watermelon do not grow from tree, but the ground only". my brother feeds glass to his cat everyday.  glasses are not food for cats. glass is not a fish to feeds the cat. glass cannot feed to the cat.  something you find in the newspaper is music. the newspaper cannot play music because music is vocal. you can't hear what you find in newspapers. something you find in a newspaper are pictures.  the second hand is shorter than the hour hand. the hour hand is the shortest in the clock. the length of the hands on time pieces follows the convention of  larger units of time being  marked with shorter hands than smaller units of times.  the second hand is always shorter than the hour hand.  he took the dirty clothes to the gym. the gym doesn't have a dry cleaner. the gym is a place to get a physical workout.  gym is not a place to having a dirty clothes. the nightingale is a elephant. the nightingale is a kind of bird. an elephant and a nightingale are two different species.  an elephant isn't a bird. shared accomodation does not provide much exposal. to share a room with someone needs you to expose to each other. "if something is shared, it is generally open and provides lots of exposure.". shared accommodation has limits. a gardener can feed lion in her garden.  lions can't be kept in a garden by a gardener.  "unless the gardener lives in africa, she would not have a lion in her garden.". lion cannot feed in the garden by a gardener.  something you might do while going to a performance is to talk. talking during a performance is distracting to other audience and rude to performers. it is rude to talk during a performance.  people enjoy performances by watching it.  pigs sang to music in ancient times.  pigs can't sing to music at any time.  pig's don't sing.  pigs lack the ability to sing.  james would like to try the restaurant because people's comments for it are bad. a restaurant with bad comments tends to not be good. bad comments turn people away from establishments.  people don't seek out establishments which have only negative reviews.  the moon is a satellite of the mars. the moon revolves around the earth. mars does not have a satellite.  moon is near to earth. when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit. a short circuit occurs when a live plug is exposed to water. a plug has no circuit to be shorted.  when water and a plug come into contact there may be a short circuit.  san francisco is a town. san francisco is one of the developed cities in the united states. a town is not the same as a city.  the car rolls on the rails. my age is 1000 years. humans cannot live for 1000 years. no human lifetime has been known to exceed 200 years.  nobody lives that long.  the restaurant serves food free of charge.  a restaurant can't run without profit.  restaurants want to make money. free food does not earn money. my dog can dance to music.  no dog can dance to music spontaneously.  dogs don't have the ability to dance to music. dogs lack to ability to coordinate their movements to music.  sally was a teach.  a person only has one name.  "teacher is only a profession, not a teach". teach cannot be a sally.  france is a country in north america. france is located in europe. france belongs in europe.  france not in north america. the buffalo shot the indian. the buffalo don't know how to shoot. buffalo doesn't know to shot. buffaloes cannot use a gun.  john decided to go to the stone.  people can't go into a stone.  john cannot go to a stone.  stone is not a place to go by john.  sometimes reading a megacity causes interest.  megacity means large or great city.  a megacity is not a reading material.  one cannot read a megacity.  you would find a tree in stone. stones are too hard to grow trees. trees need soil to grow in.  lawn is not to find a tree. mercury is the third planet in the solar system. mercury is the first planet in the solar system. mercury would not cut earth to take its place in line.  mercury is the planet that is closest to the sun so it can not be the third planet in the solar system.  a single piece of information is called a book. a book is made up of a lot of information rather than a piece of information. a book is not a datum. a book contains a lot of information at once.  the doctor saved the dead man.  no one can save the dead.  a dead person is gone and can't be saved.  dead man is not have a soul to save. a basket is for carrying liquids. the liquid will leak out of the basket. basket is not carrying liquids. liquids are best carried in containers that do not have holes weaved in them.  "when you want to pee, you should go to the kitchen". the kitchen is not where people pee. the kitchen is for cooking and eating food. kitchen has only cooling facility. my doll and i like watching tv.  dolls can't watch anyting  and they have no feelings at all.  a doll does not actually watch tv.  dolls are not conscious.  if you want to make friends then you should be devils. people are not inclined to make friends with devil people. devils do not make friends.  behaving like a devil is not the way to meet new friends.  a car is lucent. a lucent car is still a concept. a car is fully covered. a car does not give off light.  you can use a holding bay to delete an item. deleting items is not a holding bay function. "deleting items works in programmes, a holding bay is a physical entity and aso these two don't exist together". delete item doesn't need to holding. mom took hot soup from the refrigerator. a microwave oven can be used to heat food. the soup would be cold if its in a refrigerator. a refrigerator makes things cold.  an ocean has many trees and plants.  there aren't any trees in an ocean.  an ocean is a mass of water and cannot support tree life.  trees and plants need solid land to grow on.  tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal. usually the teacher helps us to correct our homework. principals do not see to homework.  the principal does not collect homework.  you would make a sun. nobody could make a sun except the god. you cannot make a sun.  "a sun is in outer space, you can't go out there and make one, you're not a god!". kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats.  meet has nothing to do with meat.  a kangaroo meet is not something that would be edible.  meeting a kangaroo is not something you can eat. "when people say ""potato, tomato"", they mean there is no big difference". the tomato is completely different from the potato. you need to use the same word twice pronounced differently for this to make sense.  """potato"" and ""tomato"" both are different in their shapes, colors, nutrients and taste are different.". may equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats. a security guard is a person so he cannot be equiped at a place. security guard is not a monitor to watch. cats don't need to be watched. human lives on the moon. there is no environment suitable for human habitation on the moon. no person live in moon. humans have apparently not been to the moon in several decades.  "when we are frightened, we are happy". frighten does not make people happy. freight and happy are two oppsite feelings. you cannot be happy when you are afraid.  a spoon can be used to cut. a spoon is not sharp enough to cut things. a spoon does not have a sharp edge.  spoon is not a sharp to cut. a suitcase is for carrying stones.  no suitcase is made for carrying stones.  stands aren't usually carried in a suitcase.  stones are often hauled by trucks.  there is a bald eagle standing on the sun. bald eagle can't reach the height of the sun. no living thing could touch the sun. there is a bald eagle standing on a rock. smoking is good to health. smoking can cause illness. smoking is harmful to health and can cause cancer.  it is one of the top disease state causes.  cutting your hair is for a cook to do. a cook's specialty is to make meals but not do one's hair. cooks do not know how to cut hair.  cooks generally do not cut hair.  baseball is a sport involving one teams of players. baseball game requires two teams to take turns offensive and defensive. baseball needs two teams to play. a baseball game must consist of more than one team to compete against one another.  leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live. animals have no leaves. animals do not have leaves. leaves cannot feed the animals.  the first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit. the first thing to do at the mall is to walk into the entrance. when you exit a place you are leaving so you wouldn't do that the first thing.  you do not first enter a mall by exiting through the doors.  if you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard. a surfboard is for surfing in the sea instead of surfing the net. a surfboard is not used to surf the net.  the net is not a physical place. human beings live on mars. there is no suitable environment for human habitat on mars. mars cannot sustain human life and humans have never reached mars. human cannot live on mars. meter is part of week.  meter are not unit of time.  meter is a unit for things. meter is part of rhythm.  the boys crosses the river by flying.  it's impossible for people to fly.  humans cannot fly.  human couldn't fly. cigarettes are good for health.  cigarettes may cause diseases like cancer.  cigarettes are not good for health. breathing in anything other than air is not good for your body.  sheila raised her tail. sheila is a human being that have no tail. "sheila is human, therefore she does not have a tail.". sheila is human.  jeff prints with a tractor. a tractor cannot print anything. tractor is not a printer. tractor is not a device to print.  water and ice are not the same substance. ice and water are two forms of different substances. ice is the solid form of water.  water and ice and not considered to contain separate substances.  vases are usually made of gold. gold is too expensive to make vases. vases are usually made of glass. "gold is very expensive, and is usually used to make smaller items.". i am flying. human beings are not able to fly without tools. humans cannot fly. people are incapable of flight without the use of assistive devices.  a stone has a medical effect. stone can't be used to treat patients. stones are not used to treat illness. stone doesn't has medical effect. i can buy some books in clothing shops.  there aren't books sold in clothing shops.  clothing shops sell garments.  i can by books in book stores.  "if you fall in love with someone, he can beat you". love is not an excuse to be violent to others. no one should ever beat anyone else.  no one that loves you should ever beat on you.  the patient is sent to the police.  police don't treat patients.  the police are not able to treat sick people.  patients get sent to doctors. carbon is radioactive. carbon is an element but not the kind of radioactive. carbon is in the air.  it is like oxygen or hydrogen. my cat is reading newspapers now.  no cat can read newspapers.  a cat is unable to read a newspaper.  cats generally cannot read.  it was wendy and cold.  wendy is a name.  the weather was less than great.  "wendy is a person, not something you can use to describe the weather.". a teacher can free a convict of jail time. a teacher does not have authority to judge convicts. only a judge or jury can free a convict. a judge is a part of the legal system.  it is very cold all the year round in the equator. the temperature is high in equatorial regions. the equator is always warm. it stays hot near the equator. scissors are used to sew. scissors cannot be used to put needlework together. scissors are used for sew nut cut. scissors cannot be used to sew. highway belongs to private property. everyone can use the highway so it is not private property. anyone can drive on any highway. highways don't go through residentual areas.  a tortoise can race a hair.  hair can't race.  hairs are inanimate.  hair cannot be raced with a tortoise.  you would sate your hanger because you want to live.  hanger is not a part of humans' bodies.  a hanger is not capable of being sated.  hanger cannot be sated to live.  you may find a tooth in your ear. the teeth only grow inside the mouth. teeth are never found in ears.  a tooth can only grow and be found in a mouth.  grass can break.  "grass can wither, not break.". glass can break. grass is not breakable.  a dog can read books.  no dog has the ability to read.  dogs cannot read.  dogs cannot read. the plane went to outer space. the plane don't have equipment to go outer space. a plane is not capable of reaching outer space through normal flight.  plane only went to inner space. a river is a large flow of stone. the river is made up of many waters. stones are hard.  water flows in rivers. diamond is very cheap. diamonds are precious stones. diamonds cost a lot of money to purchase.  diamond is rare so expensive. dog is a cold-blooded animal. the dog is a warm-blooded animal with body temperature. dogs are not cold blooded.  a lizard is a cold-blooded animal.  the baby arrested the suspect. the baby is so small to fight with the suspect.  baby's aren't police officiers. babies are not allowed to arrest.  sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work. pepper spray is not a kind of body fragrance. pepper spray is dangerous. sally uses perfume to get ready for work.  a house has no roof.  a roof is a part of a house.  houses need to have a roof to protect from the elements.  a house always has a roof. human body temperature is changing. human body temperature is constant at 37 degrees celsius. human body temperature is relatively constant.  the temperature of the human body stays in a relative homeostatic state.  you are likely to find a tv in a kitchen. the kitchen is not suitable for watching tv. the kitchen is a place to eat food.  you are likely to find a tv in the living room.  you can use a study to take a bath.  usually there aren't equipments for bathe in a study.  "one takes a bath in the bathroom, not the study.". water cannot be found in a study.  biologists are sending rockets to the moon. biologists are not very good at physics. rockets are being sent to space for research purposes. biologists do not have any idea about sending rockets to the moon. a man was pregnant. male almost will not pregnant. a man wasn't pregnant. a woman was pregnant. there are many trains and flowers in the school.  trains should be stopped in the station.  "trains must have tracks, which are outside.". there are never trains in a school.  pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks. pizza is a western food and westerners don't use chopsticks. pizza cannot be taken with chopsticks.  "pizza is eaten with hands, not chopsticks.". lions are herbivores. meat provides the lion with enough energy. lions eat meat. lions eat meat and not herbs.  an earphone can time a race.  earphones aren't used for timing.  earphone used for hear something. earphone is not shows the time for race. nobody has birthday. almost everyone has birthday. everyone have a birthday. "nobody you know has a birthday today, there's sure to be maybe millions of people around the world that have one right now though!". criticism is for celebrating a promotion.  people won't criticize if they want to celebrate.  criticism is usually a negative thing.  one does not criticise when he is in the mood for celebration.  you can use water to cook.  water can't provide heat.  water is not hot enough to cook things. you need heat to cook.  snakes played in front of the ship in the sea.  "snakes always live on land, so they can't play in the sea.". snakes do not live in the ses.  snakes don't frolic in the ocean.  my parents are disappointed at my first prize.  parents always happy when their children win the first prize.  parents are always proud of their child's accomplishments.  my first prize doesn't disappoint my parents.  monet was a tire. monet is a name of a french painter. monet was a french artist.  monet is a painter.  people are taller than giraffes. it is impossible for a person to grow taller than a giraffe. giraffes are dozens of feet tall. giraffes are the tallest creatures.  the man gave birth.  no man is able to give birth.  men do not have the organs needed to carry a baby.  only women can give birth.  you are likely to find a cooking area in dental office. dental office do not usually have cooking areas. cooking area no need found  in dental office. "a dentist's office is for teeth cleaning, not a dining establishment.". you can play music with your ball.  "balls can make sounds, but it can't play music.". a ball is not a musical instrument. ball is not a guitar. mount everest is lower than mount fuji. mount everest is the highest mountain in the world. mount everest is taller than mount fuji.  mount everest is taller than mount fuji. you can use plastic to make a pillow. plastic is too hard for a comfortable pillow. plastic would be very loud to sleep on as a pillow. cotton flattens out really quick.  something you find at a race track is a boat. a boat is in water and does not appear on land for nothing. something you find in a waterway is a boat.  boats are not usually found at race tracks.  you may find a stone in the washing machine. stone can't break the washing machine. washing machine for wash the cloths. stone is not a cloth. you want to eat a desk. desk is not use as a kind food. you want to eat a snack? people don't eat desk.  desks are not edible.  plastic contain calcium. there is no calcium in the plastic. plastic is not a living material.  plastic is not a food to contain calcium. something you find in a pond is a horse. horses don't live in ponds. horses do not live in water. horses do not live in ponds.  you are likely to find an anemone in fresh water. "anemones live in salt water such as the ocean, not fresh water". anemones are salt water creatures and would not survive in fresh water.  they are not found in that type.  the quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games. vedio games do not contain much knowledge. one cannot gain any knowledge by playing video games.  video games are not used to make the quest for knowledge.  i can talk to others without opening my mouth.  one of the things you do when you talk to someone is open your mouth.  it's not possible to talk without opening one's mouth.  you need to open your mouth to produce sounds.  he put the e-mail into the envelope. we use computers to send e-mails. an e mail is a soft copy of a mail which cannot be put in an envelope.  letter is not a email. cycling requires balcony.  you can't cycle on the balcony.  balcony is not good place for cycling. balconies are too small to ride a bike on. my mother buys a swear for me.  nowhere can swear be bought.  swears are a form of words that are not worth any money.  a swear is a bad word. humans can't survive without ants. people don't need ants to live. humans can't survive without proper food.  ants have no use for humans. mark twain is a scientist.  mark twain is a writer.  mark twain was a writer and not a scientist.  scientist cannot be a mark twain.  we eat many people. human beings are prohibited to eat human beings. it is impossible to eat people. we don't eat people.  doctor stephen strange was a lawyer at the beginning. doctor stephen strange has not studied the knowledge of lawyers. lawyer did not turn into the doctor. lawyers do not have 'doctor' in front of their names.  you will keep detesting when talking to others. be polite and don't show detest when talking to others. it is not natural for one to keep detesting while talking.  people smile when talking to other people they like. cobra belongs to plant. cobra does not have the function of plants. cobra is a kind of animal. a cobra is not a plant. you can dance on a table. tables are too vulnerable to be danced on. it is dangerous to dance on tables.  you dance on the floor.  the duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm. sanitation workers are for keeping the street clean. sanitation workers collect garbage. sanitation workers clean up garbage. you are likely to find horse in ocean. horses do not live in water. horses are animals that do not have gills.  horses are likely to be found on farms and valleys. you are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory. now the dinosaurs are extinct. you are likely to find a mouse connected to a computer.  dinosaurs are extinct. you can see the moon during the day.  the moon only appears at night.  moon present in night time. moon appears during the night only. the sky is yellow. the sky won't appear yellow. yellow is not a colour of sky. yellow is not the colour of the sky.  lily put on a t-shirt for a ball. t-shirt is not suitable for a ball. a woman is unlikely to wear a tee shirt to a ball.  ball is not a t shirt. giving a gift requires a toy to give it to. normal people don't give gifts to their toys. you don't give gifts to toys. toys are objects.  i can go out without wearing clothes.  it's impolite and shameful to go out without wearing clothes.  it's not acceptable to go outside without clothes on.  its shameful matter. stone provides nutrients for plants. nutrients cannot be stored in stones. stone does not contain nutrients. plants get nutrients from soil.  people cry when they are happy. crying is not the way to express happy emotions. tears do not indicate joy.  "crying is a sign of sadness, not happiness.". sally's old studios came back to visit her. studios is a working room.  studios are not alive and can't visit.  a studio is not able to move.  diamonds may be easily broken.  diamonds are made of the hardest substance in the world. diamonds are not easily broken. diamonds are one of the strongest materials.  you may find a duck on the tree. ducks can't fly on trees. duck is not a sparrow. ducks belong in water.  people put the garbage can in the basket. the basket is not a place to put garbage. friends make better windows than planes.  garbage cans are too large for baskets.  writing a term paper requires distracted attention. distraction is bad for thinking and writing a term paper. "if you are distracted, then you can't write the term paper". distracted attention would make it hard to write a term paper.  men often wear shorts in winter.  men don't wear shorts when it's cold in winter.  you get cold if you wear shorts in winter.  shorts for summer not winter. jane drank a bottle of oil.  people who drink oil directly may die.  oil is poisonous. oil is not something that humans drink.  santa claus sent jim a christmas present.  there aren't santa claus in the world.  sarah sent jim a christmas present. santa claus is not real.  bread is made from sand.  sand is too hard and rough to be made into bread.  sand is used only in buildings and not in food. sand is not for eating. birds can swim.  "birds can't swim, they fly.". most birds fly. birds are able to fly.  a pen is used for drilling holes.  a pen is used for writing and isn't hard enough to drill holes.  a pen is not strong enough to drill holes.  pen is used for writing it is not designed for drilling holes.  flowers and insects have no relationship.  flowers and insects can have a symbiotic relationship.  flowers and insects do indeed have a relationship.  insects often live hand-in-hand with flowers in the wild.  you would eat in a  fast food astronaut.  an astronaut is not a place to eat.  you can't eat in an astronaut. "you could eat an astronaut out but you can't eat inside them, they're a person!". sharks hunt sheep in the sea. sheep do not live in the sea. "sheep don't live in the sea, they live on land.". sheep cant cant swim. coke is made of alcohol.  there isn't any alcohol in coke.  alcohol is not in sodas.  people of all ages are legally able to drink coke.  an ornamental glass globe might be worthless. ornamental glass globes are so beautiful that people prefer to pay for them. an ornamental glass globe could be worth a lot of money if it's an antique or collectable item. ornamental glass is always wortful. you are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard. a dolphin cannot live in a barnyard. you are likely to find a dolphin in the ocean. "dolphins are sea creatures, whereas chickens are barn animals. dolphins therefore do not live on land, and would only be found living in water.". i drove a ship on the road.  ships can only drive on the water.  ships move on water.  ships do not have wheels to be compatible with traveling on the road.  mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot. a blanket can keep one warm against low temperature. flights are cold due to the air conditioner.  "blankets help to keep you warm, so you would only use a blanket if it was cold.". a kid is for leading the country.  kid is too navie to lead a country.  a kid is too young to lead.  kid is not powerful to leading the country. if you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat. "if the red meat is eaten too much, it will cause harm to the body". red meat can be unhealthy. red meat is not good for health. all rich people are immoral. the immoral rich are only a minority. rich people can do good things.  moral standards vary depending on who you ask.  sally used a life.  using a life is unlawful.  a life is not something that can be used.  sally can not use life. jill wrote a message with a branch.  branches can't write a message.  branches cannot be used to write.  branch is not a pen. if you want to have a pee then you should find a living room. there is no toilet in a living room to pee. living room is not a bathroom. a living room is not a location for peeing.  if you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh. laughing is not the way to rest. laughing is not a way to take a rest. you need to close your eyes and not laugh to rest.  the picture is looking at me.  the picture can't look.  the picture is not a human. the picture does not have eyes.  the origin of christmas in china. christmas is a holiday in western countries and does not originate in china. china is not the birthplace of christianity.  christmas is not a festival of china.  something you might do while attending meeting is take a test. do not take the test at the meeting. meeting doesn't has  test. you pay attention in a meeting.  the residents of the moon are very friendly. no one lives on the moon. life in moon is not discovered yet.  there is nothing living on the moon.  sugar is a bitter food. people don't feel bitter when eating sugar. sugar is used to make desserts.  bitter food is not a sugar.  every single kid loved loudly and fiercely.  love isn't measured by voice.  children love jokes and laugh when those jokes are funny.  children do not understand the concept of love outside of their family yet.  informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal. informal reprimand is often used only by stealth. informal reprimand is only useful outside of official reprisal.  "when being corrected, people need strong motivations to not mess up again.". it is hot in the deep ocean.  you will  feel cool when having water around in the ocean.  it is in fact very cold in the deep ocean.  the ocean is cold. i have a living panda. panda is protected by government and belong to nobody. panda's cannot be kept as pets.  panda is not an examination. the effect of love is sadness. love aims to bring happiness.  the effect of love isn't sadness.  "love is a pleasant emotion, not something to be sad over.". he told her a sad story to cheer her up.  a sad story will make her feel worse.  people aren't likely to be cheered up by a sad story.  sad stories make people cry.  teenagers can often carry guns.  it's illegal for teenagers to carry guns.  teenages can't legally own guns. teenagers doesn't need to carry guns. restaurant can help people cure illness. restaurants are places to eat not to heal. restaurants are for eating. people eat at restaurants.  the first planet in the solar system is venus. mercury is closest to the sun throughout the solar system. venus is the second planet in our solar system. the first planet is mercury. i never eat anything.  a man alive must eat.  you have to eat to live.  one must eat in order to sustain life.  a restaurant provides access to medical care.  "a restaurant provides food, not medical care.". restaurant is not a hospital. "a restaurant provides food, not medical care". they will make cats.  cats are not man made.  people can not make a cat. "people do not make cats, cats do.". something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples. apple isn't a kind of vegetables. an apple is a fruit.  an apple is a fruit and not a vegetable.  jack used a book to cut the cake.  books aren't sharp enough to cut cakes.  books are meant to be read. a book is not sharp enough to cut a cake.  the father gave his boy a cigarette.  a boy can't smoke.  a father should not give his son a cigarette. boys should not smoke.  washing your clothes requires fire. fire can make clothes burn. washing clothes does not require fire.  fire would destroy clothing.  bob bought the milk in a police office.  police office doesn't sell milk.  police stations do not sell milk.  police office is not a place to bought milk. suicide is forced. suicide is an act of self-activation. "if suicide is forced, it is murder.". suicide means kill by itself. a chef can mean to heal. the cook's job is to cook not healing. a chef means to cook.  chefs make food they do not cure illness. a seed can germinate without water. water is a necessary condition for seed germination. seeds need water to survive. seeds need water in order to grow into a living organism.  our maths is taught by a pe teacher. mmath classes are usually taught by math teachers. pe teachers do not teach math.  math is taught by a mathematics teacher.  if you want to surf the web then you should open a word document.  you can't surf the web through your word document.  word document is not a browser to surf. "a word document is internal on your computer, not connected to the internet.". you are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop. the dinosaurs are extinct and they are no longer visible. dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaurs are believed to be extinct.  a pervert can offer candy to children. pervert don't give candy to children. a pervert will not offer candy to children.  children should not take candy from anyone.  playing a harp is for annoying an audience. audiences are ususlly entertained to see someone play a harp.  harp is very entertaining. an audience enjoy listening to the harp.  there are many aliens in china.  there aren't aliens in the world.  there are no aliens anywhere on earth.  extra terrestrials are not real.  a renter can raise the rent.  a renter cannot decide the rent.  renter only can pay rent. the renter is expected to raise the rent. chocolate can be made from gold bar. a gold bar is not a food ingredient. chocolate is not made from a metal.  gold bar cannot be used to make chocolate.  you are likely to find a cat in ocean. cats do not feed on ocean lives. a cat cannot live in water.  cat not found in ocean. it helps mark the rail so we don't get lost.  we won'get lost if led by rail.  rail doesn't show correct path. if you have a rail to hold you can not get lost.  a dog must do the housework.  no dog can do the housework.  dog is not a person. dogs do not have opposible thumbs to do housework.  you may see a stone in the bowl. stone can't be eaten. stones are not kept in bowls.  stones are not typically found within bowls.  you would get paid because you want to sleep. sleeping doesn't make you pay. most people don't get paid to sleep.  people sleep everyday so there is no reason to get paid for it. having lunch is for getting fat.  we don't take in fat on our own initiative for the sake of our health.  you do not want to eat such a big lunch that you get fat.  lunch is generally a low calorie meal.  we cooked the barn. the barn is not the normal ingredients. the barn would burn down. a barn is not something that people cook.  i rode a tiger home.  tigers are too dangerous to ride.  tigers are not domesticated.  people do not usually ride tigers.  something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking. one cannot cook meals with broken utensils. cooking utensils do not need to be broken.  it's not fun to break utensils and have to replace them.  we answer a notice. notice is no need to answer. we display notices. only questions can be answered. pattie flew on a plane to the mars. plane is not a good vihicle to the mars. mars is not in earth. "you cannot take a plane to mars, yet.". edun didn't want to go on a bike.  people ride a bike.  people usually love to go on a bike.  edut does not want to go on a bike.  the effect of hiking is seeing supermarket. hiking in the wild usually does not see a supermarket. not need to be hike for seeing supermarket. no need to hike to see supermarket. jack's breakfast is stone. stone can't eat. stone is not a breakfast ingredient.  stone is not an ideal breakfast item. my robot and i like going hiking.  robots have no feelings.  robots are emotionless.  "robots generally do not have the capacity to feel emotions such as ""liking.""". henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work. it would take more time to go to metrol station from a house far away. something far away is not convenient.  it would not be convenient to travel very far to take a metro to work.  a credit card wallet is taller and narrower than a4 paper. a credit card wallet's width and height is smaller than an  a4 paper's. a credit card wallet is shorther and narrower than a4 paper. "a credit card wallet is small and a4 paper is larger, thinner and not used to carry credit cards.". drinking more liquor is good for health. water is an important substance for human. "liquor is a damaging substance, which has little health benefit. it could be considered a drug, is hard on your liver and has little beneficial qualities.". too much liquor can be very bad for your body.  sleeping is good exercise. sleeping is not a way of exercising. sleeping is not a form of exercise.  a person cannot intentionally move while sleeping. tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money. the zoo has no withdrawal service. you can not get money from a zoo.  "the zoo is not for withdrawing money, a bank is.". he took his mother to outer space. it's not easy for people to go to outer space. so far only governments have taken people to space.  most people do not go to outer space. you can buy a chair in an electronics store. no sale of chairs in the electronics store. chairs usually do not contain electronics.  chair cannot buy in an electronic store.  second is the unit of measure of length. second is the unit of measure of time. second is not a unit of length. second is not the unit of measure of length.  spit apple skin when eating grapes.  there isn't apple skin if you don't eat apples.  grapes do not have apple skin.  grapes does not have apple skin.  cat has wings. the cat has no wings and can't fly. cats do not fly.  cats never have wings.  the computer can fly.  the computer is not live and impossible to fly.  a computer is not designed to fly.  "computer is use as calculating machine,it does not fly.". crush injuries made him strong.  ususlly people don't get strong from crush injuries.  injuries are harmful. crush injuries will not make him strong.  he exercised by playing the piano.  playing the piano is not a way to exercise.  playing piano is not a strenuous workout. you are sitting down playing a piano. you must go to tianjin if you want to visit the forbidden city.  the forbidden city is in the center of beijing.  tianjin is not in the direction you would need to go to get to the forbidden city.  tianjin is not for visit forbidden city. the shoes in the bookstore are on sale. the bookstore doesn't sell shoes. bookstores don't sell shoes.  bookstore doesn't has shoes. the turtle has a shorter life than a dog. turtles can last for hundreds of years. turtles live up to 80 years and dogs do not.  turtles can have life spans reaching over 100 years old.  ancient chinese like drinking milky tea.  there isn't milky tea in the ancient china.  milk makes tea taste different.  ancient chinese do not add milk to their tea.  members of religions often take oasis.  oasis is a watery area in the desert.  an oasis is a region in the desert and not a religious ritual.  an oasis is not something taken by a religious person.  phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday. a rocket is not a commuting vehicle. it is impossible to take rockets to work daily. a rocket is very big. it can not be carried from one place to another easily.  a relative is a person who lives near you.  a relative is someone who have a blood relationship with you.  relative may be not lives near you. relatives can live far away.  she foot was on the steering wheel. she has to use her hands to control the steering wheel instead of the feet. people do not usually drive with there feet on the steering wheel.  steering operate by hand. you can  usually find a tiger at a hospital.  the tiger usually lives in the wild.  tigers are found in the wild or in zoos. you can usually find a patient at a hospital and a tiger in the wild.  the last thing you do when you perform is jumping.  no one jumps after a performance.  no readon to jump. the last thing you do when you perform is leave the stage.  people watch television for sleep. television can't solve people's sleep problems. one cannot  get sleep while watching t.v.  people watch television for entertainment.  stone can hatch chicks. stone does not have the life characteristics of chicken. stones are not animals. chicks does not hatches in stone.  the stone was pricked by a needle.  stones are too hard to be pricked.  a stone is made of impervious hard material and can't be pricked by a needle.  stones are solid and cannot be pierced. einstein discovered gravity. newton observed the apple landing and discovered the gravitation. einstein was in fact a genius!. einstein came after newton.  newton invented the light bulb. newton has not seen the light bulb. "newton discovered gravity, not light bulbs.". newton discovered the ideas of gravity and force.  pizza is considered a foot food. foot is not use to get food. pizza is not a foot food.  not found foot food. fiber optics is often used to take care of body. fiber optics is a kind of optical material without the effect of taking care of body. fiber optics is not used in the body.  fiber optics are not used to take care of the body.  you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion. a competetion has too much tension for celebration. competition is the wrong kind of event for celebrating. having a baby is not a reason for a competition.  the egret is a land animal. egret can live in river. land animal is not the egret.  an egret can live only in water.  the stone can float on the water. the density of the stone is bigger than the water. stones will sink in water. stones are not bueyont.  a discotheque is for bathing. a discotheque is not a place to bathe. discotheques require clothing.  baths are not permitted at the discotheque.  some chemistry can harm people.  chemistry is just a subject.  chemistry has been very beneficial to medical development.  chemistry is a subject and it can not harm people. the indian ocean is small. the indian ocean accounts for a large area of the earth. oceans are always a huge body of water.  the indian ocean is one of the biggest oceans on earth.  david swam from china to america in two days. the distance from china to america is too far to swim across in two days. it is impossible to swam from china to america. swimming requires lot of manual effort that's why its lot slower and not possible to swim such long distances.  he catches some horses in the ocean.  horse doesn't live in the ocean.  horses must live on land. horses is not a fish to catch. love can give didespair. love is a symbol of hope. didespair is not a word.  love is not usually a source of despair.  something you find inside is a tree. the tree grows outside because it is very tall. "trees grow outside, not inside". trees are found outside not inside.  jeff gave his girlfriend a lose.  lose isn't a good present for people.  you can't give someone a lose. a lose is not a physical object capable of being given to someone.  a deaf man can listen to music.  deaf people can't hear any sound.  deaf people can't hear.  a deaf man cannot hear. santa claus is the legend of the east. the origin of christmas is not in the east. santa claus livie in west. santa claus is the legend of the west. stones taste great with cream cheese.  no one is willing to taste stones.  you can't digest stones so you shouldn't eat them. you cannot eat stones. "the higher the rent is, the better it is for the tenant.". a tenant would like to rent house with lower rent. some people simply can not afford higher rent. the more money a tenant has to pay the less they have for other necessities of life.  my brother's company requires employees to wear slipperies during work. slipperies are informal at workplace. slipperies is not a word so no one can be required to wear one.  slippers is not necessary to wear during work. a singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad. bad music is hard to please listerners. people do not like bad songs.  popular singers should have catchy songs.  a garage has at least two doors. there are many garages have just one door. garages don't always have a minimum of two doors.  a garage can have multiple doors. you are likely to find dogs in an office. dogs are usually forbidden from office building. dogs are not likely to be in an office. dogs are not office equipment. mr. smith is on the phone with his pet. pets can't make phone calls. a person is unlikely to use a phone to speak to their pet.  pet doesn't has phone. cat and mouse are friends. cats eat mice so they are enemies. a mouse is considered prey for a cat.  a mouse is scared of a cat because cats often attack mice.  this watermelon came from glaciers.  watermelons grow from soil in normal cases.  watermelon do not grow in glaciers. the water came from glaciers. you are likely to find a ghost. ghost has no shape. ghost cannot found like you.  not many people claim to have encountered a ghost.  we hold a wedding party for someone's birthday.  we hold a wedding party only for those who are ready to get married.  if it's a wedding party then it would not be a birthday party they are different. birthday is not a wedding day. you may find an anteater in the forest. the anteater is extinct. anteaters are not forest animals.  forest is not a place where anteater don't live.  george is a racist. george loved his mexican supervisor. a racist is one who makes negative judgements about people who are different. racists do not like people of who are not of their own ethnic background.  "a racist generally is equated with hate, not love.". you would go to a swimming pool for dinner.  there are no dinner served in a swimming pool.  swimming pool for swim. there is no food at swimming pools. a one-legged person needn't boot. the foot of a one-legged person need to be protect. "whether or not one should ""boot"" has nothing to do with whether the person has one leg or two.". a one legged person can't need boot. amy taught her dog to shake teeth. "amy's teeth cannot be shaken, and nor the dog's". dogs can not shake there teeth. shaking teeth is not a trick people teach to dogs.  something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie. a classic concert does not play movies.  concert is not a movie. classical concert contain music only. an activity you can do is to hurt people. hurting people is illegal. hurting people is not a nice thing to do.  hurting people is not a recommended activity.  we felt very full after we left the gym.  "we will cost energy when we in the gym,so we won't be full.". gym is not a place to be felt full.  gym for workout. "when sungura and fox emerged, all the animals grasped.". animals can't grasp each other.  "when sungura and fox emerged, all the animals stared.". all the animals are scared of them so they will not grasp.  the sun rises from the west every day. the direction of rotation of the earth is from west to east. according to science sun always rises from east. the sun doesn't rises in west. aprons keep out the rain. apron is mainly to prevent dirty not rain. most aprons absorb water and are not used as weather protection.  aprons are worn in the kitchen to protect your clothes from getting baking ingredients on them.  a moving sidewalk is for swimming. moving sidewalks don't store water and you can't swim. one cannot go swimming on a moving sidewalk.  a sidewalk does not have enough water to swim.  waste water is drinkable. waste water is harmful and cannot be drunk directly. it's not safe to drink waste water.  "waste water is considered not potable, in other words not suitable for drinking, or using to clean, wash or perform daily hygienic tasks with.". sleeping is for exchanging ideas.  "sleeping is for relaxing, not sharing.". sleeping is for getting rest.  people do not communicate with others in their sleep. "if you want to survive on a deserted island, you need to find money". money do not necessarily work on a deserted island. "if an island is deserted, it would generally not contain inhabitants to exchange money with.". "if no one else is on the island, money is worthless.". all students play with computers.  some students use their computers for work too.  many students don't have computers.  computers are not accessible to everybody due to costs.  wash your feet before eating. people don't eat with their feet. washing your feet is not necessary before eating.  feet not used for eating. the baby crawled when he was born.  a new-born baby can't crawl.  a baby doesn't crawl until later on.  babies cannot crawl at birth. drinking would make you want to empty your stomach. the stomach is not the last organ of the human body to store water. your body gets rid of extra liquid through the bladder.  liquid beverages are considered refreshments.  you walk around when watching a play in a theater.  it's impolite to walk around in a theater.  you sit in a seat when watching a play in a theater. walking around a theater would make a lot of noise.  one of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people. people who wage war are more ruthless and don't want to kiss people. war doesn't show love. we kiss people we love.  something you find at a wedding is rocket. rocket base can't be used to hold a wedding. rockets do not belong at weddings.  rocket is not to find in a wedding. iron man is a male hero in the marvel universe. iron man's wife gave birth to a daughter. iron man has always been a man. iron man is not a female hero.  the bomb is made of wood. wood is not the raw material for making bombs. wood does not explode.  bombs have to be made of explosive material.  i want to buy a child.  it's illegal and immoral to buy a child.  children are not for sale.  it is illegal to purchase a child. stones can have freckles.  stones don't hace live so they can't have freckles.  stones is not a children. stones aren't human.  jewelry is worthless. "jewelry is very rare, so it is very valuable". jewelry is is expensive.  jewelry is valuable because of diamonds and gold. wine is solid. the raw material of the wine is water. wine is a liquid substance.  you can't drink a solid.  the effect of howling with cry is joy within. crying can't bring people happiness. when you howl when you're crying it is not joyous. """cry"" is not an emotion that one can howl with, nor does it represent joy.". an actor plays games in a play.  an actor is not allowed to play games in a serious play.  a play is a story told by acting it out.  plays are not a form of entertainment that inherently involves games.  fish likes cats. it's dangerous for fish likes cats. "there is no evidence to suggest that , moreover fishes are eaten by cats not vice versa.". fish live in water. babies have no mother.  all babies have a mother by blood.  without mother no babies born. mothers are currently required for the production of human babies.  there are many tomato soap in the bowl.  soap can't be put in the bowl.  there is no such thing as tomato soap.  tomato soup is real tomatoe soap is not real. sandy grew up on the moon. the moon is not suitable for humans living. no one has ever grown up on the moon.  there are no people living on the moon. pamela drove in the border. it is a wrong words in the border. pamela cannot drove in the border. you cannot drive a border. a rear courtyard is in front of a building. the rear courtyard is usually built behind the building. courtyard is mostly in front of a bulding. a rear courtyard is not in front of a building. janice fry a birthday cake. fry is not a good way to make a birthday cake. you can't fry a birthday cake.  people have birthday cake during a birthday.  jane put the notes recorded on a leaf.  it's unsafe and inefficient to put notes on the leaf.  notes cannot be recorded on a leaf.  notes are not usually written on a leaf.  lightning struck the sun. the distance between lightning and the sun is too far to struck the sun. lightning can't strike out into space. the sun is not out when there is lightning.  a dental office is for physical examination.  dental office don't provide a complete set of medical examination.  a family practice doctor gives a physical examination.  a doctor's office is for physical examinations and check ups.  almost anyone can master foreign language. in the world people who master foreign language are less than 50%. foreign languages are difficult for most to learn.  not everyone can master foreign language.  movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment. scenery is the best one to help an audience visualize the simulated environment rather than movie. movie may not stimulate environment. scenery is created for a movie to help people get a sense of where the storyline takes place.  something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game. stone can't be used to play games. a stone is not a tool for better game playing.  stones are not used in the game. you need a fork to eat soup. a fork can't hold the soup.  you should use a spoon to eat soup because a fork can't hold liquid.  a fork can not contain soup. the brain stores water. water cannot enter the brain. the brain has some water but it doesn't store it.  the brain's purpose is to think. you may find a train in the sky. the train will fall in the sky. trains cannot fly in the sky.  trains can only be driven on railroad tracks. the car needs the track to drive. car needs to be on the road. most cars do not having tracking technology. cars are driven on open roads.  cauliflower is a vegetarian.  vegetarians are who doesn't eat meat.  cauliflower is classified as a vegetable.  only people can be vegetarian. oscar got a clever tire. clever can not use as a adjective for tire. tires do not have intelligence. a tire is not a human to be clever.  a rabbit can run.  "rabbit can only jump, but not run.". usually we use the word 'hop' to describe a rabbit's gait. rabbits usually hop and don't run.  we can see the sun tonight.  sun can not be seen at night.  the sun is only out during the day.  sun cannot see in the night.  bee collecting honey on a stone. there is no honey on the stone. a stone is not a hollow object to collect honey.  stone is not a flower. one can open a plate. plate cannot be closed. plates are flat.  plates don't open. a stone can be used for eating.  a stone is too hard to eat.  stones have no use if you want to eat.  stones do not provide nutrition. "john ran around the ship's poop, and fell in.". people can't run on the ship's poop.  a ship doesn't usually feature a big pile of poop.  poop is highest desk of a ship. we will laugh when we see a tragedy.  most people will feel sad when they see a tragedy.  when we see a tragedy we will cry.  people don't laugh at tragedy. a thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie. a movie might not help a traveler in a new place. a movie would not help someone when they are traveling to another country.  movies is not necessary to travelling another country. jane doesn't know her birthday.  it's weird for someone who doesn't know his birthday.  everyone should know their birthday. everyone knows when they are born since it is on all their documentation.  telephones can require water to work. water can not afford power to telephones. water would short out a telephone.  electricity and water do not work well together.  will had climbed many more monitors.  no one can stand on a monitor.  you would break a monitor if you climbed on it.  monitors are not generally used for climbing and may crush under the weight of a human.  the preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer's qualification certificate. doctor can't get lawyer's qualification certificate. doctors have to go to medical school for their education and preparation.  doctor is not a person to get a lawyer's qualification certificate.  dressing nice can disturb people.  people always want to see others dress nice.  nice means it would be pleasant for them. "dressing very messy is disturbing, but very nice is not.". if you want to take a course then you should go the toilet. the toilet is used for excretion. toilet is not a place to take a course. toilet is meant only for excretion. a man lived on the moon.  no man can live on the moon by now.  a man should can't live in the moon.  people can't live on the moon. northerners wear t-shirts outdoors in winter. it's cold outdoors in the north in winter. winter is very cool in northern. it is too cold to do this in the north.  lisa taught john how to breath. everyone knows how to breath. breath is not a read. breath is natural. one of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book. no need to take a book when sleeping. cannot do anything when sleep. a book would fall out of your hand if you were asleep.  groves can be used to protect your hands.  no one use groves to protect their hands.  groves are not clothing. a grove is a group of trees.  wood can conduct electricity. wood is an insulator that is not conductive. electricity does not flow through wood.  wood is an insulator.  jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast. soy sauce is too salty for bread. soy sauce would make the bread fall apart.  soy sauce is not perfect for bread. you find a planet around in bedroom. planets are in space rather than bedroom. planet bigger than bedroom. it is physically impossible to fit a planet in my bedroom.  the plant is yellow. plants are green because they have chlorophyll. plants require chlorophyll.  the color of the plant is green.  the effect of going to the store is gaining money. the store owner will only ask for your money and not give it to you. items are purchased at a store which requires someone to spend money.  store is not for gaining money. something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food. you can eat before dinner but you don't have to. if you buy food you can eat food. there is no need to eat food if you are going to have a meal soon. you are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom. soup dish can be find in kitchen. soup dishes can be found in the kitchen or pantry. because soup dishes belong in the kitchen. if you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first.  weapons can also be found in some magazines.  a weapon is not something that can be surfed.  you don't surf weapons. sally bought a airliner. single people is not allowed to buy a aerliner. airliner is not a buying thing. airliners are way too expensive for most people to purchase.  they had walked two meters.  two meters are too short to walk.  walking two meters is a very short distance.  two meters is not considered walking.  dad washes his feet before every meals. dad does not need feet for meals so he does not need to wash them. hands are used for eat meals. you don't eat with your feet.  i am trying not to smoke cilantro.  cilantro is a kind of plant.  "good for you but why would you be smoking cilantro, that makes you sound like you smoke weed!". nobody smokes cilantro.  stones feel soft.  stones are rough and hard.  stones feel hard.  stone is a hard thing. stone is one of the materials for making knives. knives made of stone are not sharp. knives are metal. stone is not sharp enough to make a knife. boats can float in the sky. boats are designed to travel on water. boats do not have wings to fly.  boats can't float in the sky. something you find at a resturant is a tiger.  a tiget live in the wild or in the zoo.  tigers are large and often dangerous animals that are meant to live free in the wild.  tigers belong in zoos.  a vase is a tableware. a tableware is for having meals but a case is for decorate. tableware is used to serve and eat meals. a vase is not used to eat with so it is not tableware.  chicken in pond. chicken can't swim. chickens are found in farms and not ponds.  chickens don't have waterproof feathers and do not swim so they would not be in a pond.  the temperature rises and water turns to ice.  water can't turn into ice when the temperature rises.  water would only turn to ice if the temperature dropped.  ice melts when temperature rises.  the thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing. singing is not something to be prepared for vacation. people don't sing for all holidays. no need to sing before go on holiday. children preyed together every day.  now no one would catch animals for eating by themselves.  preyed doesn't suit to children. children are not a predator.  nobody likes chocolate cake. chocolate cake is delicious. only a few people don't like chocholate cakes.  someone has to like it. you can eat a stone when you are hungry. stone can't eat. you can't digest a stone. stones are inedible.  you can feed a dog with cat busicuits. cat busicuits are food for cats. dogs eat dog food not cat food. cat treats are not usually given to dogs.  kissing someone is for showing your disgust. you don't want to kiss someone if you disgust them. you kiss someone to show love. we would not kiss someone we found repulsive. pig is probably in a class. pig is not allowed to be in a class. pigs are found outdoors. pigs and other animals do not attend school or classes.  the uranus can be seen from the moon. uranus is too far away to be seen on the moon. uranus is way to far away from the moon to be seen.  you wouldn't be on the moon to see a planet. the sun rises from west every day. the earth rotates from west to east. the west is on the opposite side from the sun rise.  "the sun rises from the east, not west". one must drink a lot before driving. alcohol will make people drunk. "it is illegal to drink and drive, and impairs a person's driving ability.". drinking before driving is dangerous and can lead to accidents.  "when there is a lightning, people always hear the thunder first, and the flash follows". light travels faster than sound. "light is faster than sound, so sound cant come before light  when there is lightning.". flash does not follow the thunder.  people can make snow ball in summer. summer is too hot for snowing. it does not snow during the summer and thus you cannot make snowballs.  there is no snow in summer to make snowballs.  floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it. slippery floor will make people fall. water on floors is generally not safe. water makes the floor more slippery making it unsafe.  warfare is a bless for human race. lots of people will die during a warfare. "warfare has a negative connotation, so a blessing is nonsensical.". warfare kills people. people need lots of noise for study. noise can make people distracted. noise causes distratcions and is unhelpful when someone is trying to study.  most people need silence for study. one can have gasoline in their hamburger. gasoline is not eatable. gas and hamburgers don't mix.  gasoline is not edible. people can breath in the water. there is no air in the water. people don't have special lungs to breath in the water.  "lungs are used to process oxygen from air, not liquid.". most products are tax-free. a government needs tax to operate. most products does not have tax-free.  tax is common on products.  you will make more friends by cursing others. people will be angry if you curse them. cursing others does not make you more friends.  cursing people will anger them not engraciate them.  people should talk louder in the cinema. noise can be annoying in the cinema. talking loud in cinemas disturbs people.  talking loudly disrupts movies played in cinemas.  he wear sunglasses because he is short-sighted. sunglasses doesn't help curing short sight. sunglasses are not prescription.  you don't use sunglasses to solve sight problems.  one should drive car on the pavement. "pavement is for people to walk, not drive". pavement is for pedestrians.  pavement is a place where we cannot drive the car.  an aircraft landed on my desk. desks are too small for landing aircraft. a desk is too small to be used for landing for aircraft.  an aircraft is too large to land on a desk. some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor. "reactor is too hot, too dangerous, as well as too expensive for boiling hotpot". reactors do not boil water for home use.  a reactor puts off a great amount of energy.  engineers built a bridge in the class room. class room is too small to contain a bridge. class room is not a place to built the bridge by engineers.  "a class room is a place a blueprint can be drafted, but not somewhere a bridge would be built.". i saw a cow walking in a tree. cows cannot climb trees. a cow cannot climb a trea.  cows don't walk in trees. the professor write on the beach with his pen. sand will damage a pen if the pen is used to write on beach. you do not write on the beach.  pen does not used to write in the beach by the professor.  our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away. a sniper rifle cannot shoot that far. eight hundred miles is too far for even the most talented sniper.  snipers can't shoots from 800 miles away. we should open the window if there's going to be a storm. an opening window during a storm will make the room a mess. windows should be closed during storms.  the rain will come inside if the window is open. one should participate in more parties in order to get good grades. "no one studies in parties, but good grades comes from lots of study time". parties do not help get good grades.  going out to parties will probably hurt your grades.  "it's too hot outside, so we smashed our air conditioner". "air conditioner can be used to cool the room, we should not break it". in order to beat the hot air conditioner should be on not to be smashed.  smashed air conditioner will not work anymore.  modern people spend more and more time watching a brick. it's neither interesting nor useful to watch brick. bricks are not very interesting so not many modern people watch them.  a brick is not meant for watching over and over. the organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes. athletes don't need pesticides during their match. an organizer would not offer harmful pesticides to athletes to as refreshments.  pesticides would poison the athletes.  "comrades, said the commander, we are going to have an eight-year warfare". the commander will not know how long will the war last before it ends. no one knows how long a war will last.  it's impossible to predict how long a war will last. he was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water. drinking water don't break any school rules. drinking water is not against the rules.  drinking water is not against school rules. the subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight. there are very few people take subway at midnight. subways are not frequently used late at night.  subways are closed at midnight. she added extra pepper in her bubble tea. people don't like pepper in their milk tea. pepper does not sweeten tea.  pepper is not typically an ingredient in bubble tea. the player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute. scoring in the last minute is a good thing. the player scoring at the last minute is a good thing and he would not be criticized for it.  people don't criticize the player who scored in the last minute.  the train hits the moon on the railway. there is no moon in the railway. "the moon is in space orbiting around our planet, not on a railway on the earth.". railways do not go to the moon. nazi is a bless for jewish people. nazi killed lots of jewish people in the world war 2. nazi policy is based on hating jewish people. jewish people don't feel blessed by the nazi party. it is 39 pm now. there are only 24 hours in a day. 39 pm does not exist.  time numerals do not go higher than 12. he wrote those code on a calculator. calculator is not suitable for coding. we cant wrote calculator because it is a device used for arithmetic operation.  code cannot be written on a calculator. the hat on his ass is beautiful. "people wear hat on their head, not on their ass". you don't wear a hat on your ass. you cannot wear hats on your ass.  he ate light bulb for his lunch. light bulb cannot be eaten. light bulbs are not edible. cant eat a light bulb. he moved the book shelf into his pocket. book shelf is too big for a pocket. a book shelf doesn't fit in a poket. book shelf is much bigger than the pocket.  "it is so cold today, thus she wears her bikini". bikini is not suitable to wear in cold weather. bikini is beachwear. bikin's are for warm weather.  the workers found an ancient ipad when they were digging the ground. "ipad is a kind of electronic device, but ancient people don't have electronic device". the ipad is a modern invention.  ipads are modern devices. the waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro. there is no waitress in the metro. waitresses are not available in the metro.  there are no waitresses in the metro. the policeman was caught by the robber. "robbers have no reason to catch policeman, since policeman will arrest them". robbers run away from policemen and do not catch them.  a policeman catches a robber.  he is wearing a green car. no one can wear a car on his head. car is a 4 wheeler vehicle not a cloth.  a car is not an article of clothing.  the driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle. motor cycle couldn't exceed sound speed. a motorcycle cannot go the speed of sound.  motor cycls cannot run faster than sound speed.  the church surrendered after months of warfare. "church is not alive, thus it could not surrender". churches are not known to engage in combat or conflict.  the church does not participate in wars. uranium 235 is essential for health. "uranium 235 is radiant, thus it's harmful for health". uranium is bad.  uranium 235 is radioactive and kills the life.  "finally, the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen". babies are too young to use weapons. babies are incabable of wielding a weapon. babies are not developed enough to know what to do with a weapon or even hold one.  the infant drank lots of beer for its lunch. "infants don't drink beer, since alcohol is too harmful for them". infants do not drink beer.  alcohol is very poisonous for infants to ingest.  """i was killed in the car crash"", he said". dead person won't say anything. a person cannot tell you they were killed in a car crash.  the dead cannot speak.  "it's his wedding ceremony today, so he chose a fancy dress for himself". male won't wear dress in formal occasion. men wear suits and women wear dresses.  typically a man would not be wearing a dress. "his dog is walking on the street, holding him". "dogs are human's pet, they cannot hold human". a dog can not hold a person. dogs are unable to hold people.  the keyboard of my laptop is spying on me. keyboard cannot take photo. keyboards do not have a camera.  keyboards do not have cameras and cannot spy on people.  "he likes playing video games, especially when he is sleeping". "people cannot do anything when they're sleeping, including playing games". a person needs to be awake to use the parts of teh brain needed to play games.  you cannot play video games while asleep.  he is eating a elephant. people cannot eat elephant. eating elephants is not common and usually illegal.  "elephants are not normally eaten by people, especially now that they are endangered.". "he slammed his friend, hoping to invite his friend to his party". "slamming someone is rude, no one invite others in such a way". slamming a friend is typically an aggressive move and would not be an effective way to invite a friend anywhere. slamming is not the process to invite anyone.  the athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce. drinking soy sauce is not a competition. soy sauce drinking is not a competitive activity. athlete refers to  champion for running not for any other activities.  "the war started, thus the soldiers can go home". "if there is a war, soldiers cannot go home". if the war starts it is not possible to soldiers go home because they are the main people to fight.  a war causes soldiers to leave home.  jack's mom praised him because he broke the plate. "breaking a plate is not a good thing, people won't be praised because of it". breaking a plate is a negative action that does not generate positive feedback.  breaking dishes doesn't generate praise. his girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine's day gift. boy friend is not a proper valentine's day gift. human beings cannot be gifted.  a boy friend is not an appropriate gift and buying and selling people is illegal.  the tyre of the horse exploded. horse don't have tyre on them. "horse can not have tyre,it only has legs.". horses do not have tires.  the astronaut took a bus to the iss. "buses cannot go to the iss, they can only run on land". a bus cannot go to iss.  the iss is orbiting in space high above the earth and can only be reached by a space ship or rocket.  the sky is so green today. sky is not green. the sky color can only be blue or black.  the sky is not typically green.  he is consistently coughing since he eat too much. eating too much is not the reason for coughing. eating too much does not cause coughing.  "eating does not cause consistent coughing, but smoking does.". people spend time in the gym in order to learn math. gym is the place for exercising. gyms don't teach math.  there are no teachers in gym for learning math.  those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe. internet cafe is the place for playing computer games. most children do not learn linear algebra after skipping school. students don't skip class to learn. the girl took a selfie with her backpack. "backpack don't have a camera, thus it's not suitable for taking selfie". backpacks cannot take selfies.  a backpack has no ability to photograph. the barber told the patient's family that the surgery went smoothly. barbers don't know how to do surgery. barbers do not perform surgeries.  barbers do not perform surgery. """they finally scored!"", said the narrator, ""they are the final loser of this match.""". "scoring brings more probability for winning, it's not the reason for losing a match". "if they scored, they should be the winners.". after scoring no one can be loser. "don't eat too much salad, they are junk food". salad is not junk food. "reason: salad is made of mostly vegetables, which are healthy.". "salad is made of vegetables, which are good for you.". "the tram stopped, since the tyre of the tram exploded". trams don't have tyre. trams don't have tires.  tram runs on solid iron wheels.  "he just bought a new bike, thus he can't wait to try out the sound quality". "bikes can't play any sound, thus no one try a bike's sound quality". bikes are not made for the purpose of sound.  bikes are not used to transmit audio.  he was so angry that his face turned blue. human's face can't turn blue in any conditions. a person's face cannot turn blue due to anger.  "people usually turn blue due to lack of oxygen, sometimes referred to as cyanotic.". the lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night. "lightning will bring light, not dark". lightening is bright and lights up the sky so it could not make the city dark.  lightning brightens the atmosphere.  the prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty. "death penalty can kill people, dead people won't be free". the prisoner cannot be set free if he is dead.  the prisoner is no longer alive so cannot be set free.  the bus hits air and stopped. solid cannot hit gas. air is not strong enough to stop a bus.  bus does'nt fly in air.  "since the time is running out, he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi". taking a taxi is much faster than walking. walking takes longer to get somewhere than a taxi ride.  "in order to reach the destination faster, it would make sense to take a taxi and not walk.". "the lady paid the bill, then tipped the water cup". "tip is for the waiter, instead of anything else". water cup is a lifeless thing.  water cup is not a person to be tipped after the payment of bill.  he blew out the light. lights cannot be blew out. "lights cannot be blown out, but candles can.". "to turn out the light, you hit the light switch". police in mars are allowed to use legal force. there is no police on mars. mars has no police. "mars is in outer space, police men are not.". the passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash. passengers are not allowed to control the airplane. passengers on a plane do not pilot the plane and are not responsible for landing the plane.  most airplane passengers don't know how to land a plane.  "the president attended the final match of the world cup, hoping their team will lose". a president won't hope his own team to lose. people don't watch matches hoping their team will lose. no person wants their team to lose.  "the boy suddenly stroked, his mom called the firefighters immediately". firefighters cannot deal with medical emergencies. firefighters are called in emergencies involving fires.  firefighters are not trained to adequately help a stroke victim.  """i'm proud to be a panda"", said tim cook, apple's ceo". apple's ceo cannot be a panda. tim cook is a human and not a panda.  "pandas are animals, not humans.". "you are sick, i'm so jealous". being sick is not a good thing. "be sick is harmful, nobody envies this.". "people are jealous of good things, being sick is not good.". he uses cable to eat sushi. the cable is not a tableware. "cable cannot be used to eat sushi, you cannot pick up with food with it.". cable isn't useful for eating food. """chicken are so beautiful"", the boy told the girl that he loves". it's strange to praise chicken in front of one's beloved girl. chicken is not a human being that one can love.  chicken cannot be a girl.  i feel myself like a boss since i work so long and earn so few. most of the bosses earn a lot while having short work hour. bosses earn the most money.  working a lot and making very little is not a concept associated with being a boss.  "prague is an old city, it has been existed in europe for more than a trillion years". there is no human race a trillion years ago. "this is impossible for many reasons, one being that the entire universe hasn't even been around that long.". no city has existed for a trillion years. he was so shocked because a dog confessed to him. "dogs cannot confess to human, they can't even speak". dogs cannot speak.  dogs don't speak human language.  "i cannot upload the picture, because my laptop got connection with wifi". wifi can be used to upload pictures. being connected to wifi will help the upload. being connected to wifi would mean that you have the connection necessary to complete an upload.  creativity is the thing that differs germans and italians. germans and italians both have creativity. germans and italians are both humans and all humans have the ability to be creative.  germans and italians are both creative. "there is a huge no smoking warning, thus people should smoke here". no smoking warning means people should not smoke in that place. the warning is very clear and must be respected. "smoking warnings are used to outlaw smoking, not encourage it.". the engineer was glad because his son deleted his project. people will be angry if someone deleted their important file. someone would not be happy if their work was deleted. people do not become happy when their hard work gets permanently deleted.  he turned on the radio before he is going to make an u turn. "according to traffic law, the driver should turn on the indicate before they make a turn". "you should turn on the turn signal before making a u-turn, the radio will not help.". a radio is irrelevant to making a u turn. the driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road. "drivers avoid crash by braking, not by accelerating". you don't accelerate when you see someone in the road.  most people do not want to run over people and would not accelerate at a pedestrian.  "it's raining heavily, people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face". "there is usually no sunshine on rainy days, thus people don't need sunglasses". people normally wear sunglasses to protect themselves from scorching heat not at the time of rains. sunglasses do not help keep you dry in the rain.  the player's fans all want his tears. fans don't want their idol's tear. tears are not something fans can keep.  tears are not something fans of a player would want or even think of wanting.  he just had an surgery because he thinks it's fun. no one wants a surgery because it's fun. fun is not what you have surgery for. no one has surgery for fun. eating fish is the secret to change gender. eating fish cannot change people's gender. food doesn't affect gender.  a person cannot easily change their gender.  "he turned on the light, then the house fall into darkness". the light can bring brightness. "turning on the light implies that light fills the house, not darkness.". turning on a light will not make it darker.  his neighbor told him to turn on his tv because of the noise. turning on the tv can bring more noise. turning on the tv would create more noise.  the tv would make more noise turned on.  "the police caught the terrorist on time, stopped him from giving candies to kids". giving candies to kids is not a bad thing. terrorists don't give sweets to kids. a terrorist does not usually give candy to kids.  i was early for the office because of the traffic jam. "traffic jam take extra time, thus this is not the reason for being early". traffic jams make travel take longer not faster. traffic jams make delays. he was arrested by the police because he listen to music. listening to music don't break any law. listening to music is not a crime. listening to music is not against the law. many people died because of the medicine. medicine is for saving people. medicine helps make people better.  medicine does not kill.  people will be happy if you ignore them when you see them. ignoring people can make people angry. people will get happy when we see them but will get angry when we ignore them.  ignoring people makes them mad usually. the astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion. it's lucky for a person to survive from a disaster. it is not unlucky that the astronaut is still alive.  survivin an explosion is lucky. he bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty. "people should buy drink if they are thirsty, instead of food". bread does nothing to help thirst. bread will not quench thirst. it's unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water. drinking water is nothing special for human. drinking water is a natural human response. consumption of water has almost always been necessary for human survival.  the cow is hunting on the grassland. cows are herbivorous. cows are herbivores.  only wild animals hunt their food not domestic animals.  the pig fly away before people catch it. pigs can't fly. the pig doesn't fly because it has no wings. pigs cannot fly.  the bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread. bacteria cannot form society. group of bacteria can not be referred as society to spread on the bread.  the bacteria is not a society to be spread on the piece of bread.  the forest fire caused huge financial benefit. forest fire cannot create any benefit financially. fire can cause spoils to trees not for financial benefit.  forest fires generally do not result in profits.  there is a way to cure every kind of cancer now. there is not a way to cure every kind of cancer yet. there are still plenty of cancer cases everywhere and everyday. not all cancers can be cured.  the old lady bought ipad because she is afraid of air crash. ipad will neither prevent air crashes nor benefit the old lady's family after the air crash. ipads do not protect against air crashes. buying insurance can protect from air crash not ipad. "the display is damaged, thus i can't hear anything". "display is used to display things, people will see them". display isn't related to sound. a display is not heard.  his girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress. people won't be angry if others praise their dressing. people don't get angry when they are complimented.  people are happy when they are praised or complimented.  adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted. vinegar is not a condiment for coffee. vinegar would make coffee very sour and undesirable to drink.  vinegar is sour and would make coffee taste worse.  "my cell phone is out of memory, i need to charge it before i go". charging cell phones won't help to add memory. charging does not affect cell phone memory. how charged a cellphone is has no impact on the storage of the device.  "the athlete is so thirsty, he ate a whole bag of salt". "no one eat salt, because it will make people too thirsty". salt dehydrates you.  salt makes a person more thirsty.  pants can bring people new knowledge. pants cannot bring people new knowledge. pants are just for wearing. new knowledge cannot be gained by the pants.  "i bought a panda as my pet, it's so cute". "pandas are not for pets, no individual can keep them in their home". panda is a animal which cannot be used as a pet.  pandas are not purchased as pets.  i smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes. "if a paper is smashed, no one can read them nor take notes". smashing the papers will make them even harder to read. smashed papers are difficult to read and notes cannot be taken.  "don't forget to drive to the supermarket, it make us more environmentally friendly". driving doesn't count for environmentally friendly. driving to the supermarket causes pollution so it is not enviormentally friendly. driving is not environmentally friendly.  the crab is served with chocolate sauce. sea food is hardly served with chocolate sauce. "crab is a sea species,it can not be served by chocolate sauce.". crab and chocolate don't go together. """fuck off!"", said the waiter, warmly welcoming the boss". dirty words is not for welcoming others. a waiter would never use that language while greeting his employer.  an insult is not a warm welcome. """it's none of your business"", said the staff, apparently he wants to shirk responsibility". """it's none of your business"" is meant to make others don't intervene something". shirking necessitates putting your business onto others. saying it is none of your business means it is the staff's business so he would be taking responsiblity.  "the hiker is badly injured in the mountains, and is rescued by a sports car". sports car cannot rescue people in the mountains. a sports car is not an efficient way to leave a mountain.  a sports car cannot get in the woods.  "in germany, whenever you buy plastic bottle, you should pay a penalty". penalty is paid when people did something they are not supposed to do. buying plastic bottle is not a crime in germany to pay a penalty for it.  buying plastic bottle in germany is not subject to a penalty so you do not have to pay it.  gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious. people cannot eat gasoline. gasoline cannot be ingested.  gasoline is deadly to eat.  "all man are born equal, but they share the right to have protest demonstration". the right to have protest demonstration is a reflection of the equality. "since men are born equal, they get the right to protest demonstration. not an opposition.". an equal right to protest is implicit in general equality.  it saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport. "usually, crossing the border need a valid passport". "if someone crosses into a country illegally and becomes discovered, it will cause a lot of legal trouble for that person.". tons of trouble can only be saved if someone crosses the border with a passport.  staying in the battlefield can be safe. battlefield is dangerous. you need to get off the battlefield quickly if you want to be safe.  battlefield cannot be a safest place to stay.  "our ancestors worked so hard in the farm, hoping to harvest in winter". there is no harvest in winter in ancient times. there are very little plants that are harvested in winter.  edible plants do not grow in the winter.  "it's so hot here, seems everything caught cold". things cannot catch a cold. "the word cold is never used to refer to something that is hot, they are antonyms.". cold is the opposite of hot.  the engineers tear the building down with candies. candies cannot be used to tear buildings down. candies does not use to tear the building by the engineers.  engineers would use tools to tear down a building.  the employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee. employers pay salary to employees. employer always has to pay the salary.  employees don't pay an employer. people are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning. "smog is a kind of pollution, it makes people sad and angry". heavy smog is hard to breathe and bad for health.  smog is not a pleasurable thing to look at.  "there must be trams, since there is no railway on the road". trams need railway. trams require a railway to move and work properly. trams run on railway. i'd like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape. "aisle seat don't have window, thus people can't have a better view outside". it is hard to see out the window from an aisle seat.  "an aisle is, in general, a space for walking". "stone cannot float on the water, thus you can make a boat with them". making a boat requires material that can float on the water. "stone is heavier than water, and would sink if made into a boat.". stone is too heavy to float and boats must be made with material that can float. "metro door is closing, please be quick". people should step back and wait for the next train if the door is closing. "if you try to enter the metro when the door is closing, you may get hurt however quick you are.". you might get caught in the metro door.  "i need an ear phone, or i could be late for office". ear phone can't wake people up. an ear phone will not help you be on time for your office meeting. ear phones do not have a wake up alarm. the car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio. turning on the radio cannot cause the car to turn over. turning radio on is not responsible for car to be rolled over.  "a radio is sound, it cannot cause movement.". "this photo is took by a monkey, what a good perspective!". monkeys don't know how to take photo. monkeys do not know how to operate cameras.  monkey does not know to take photo because it is animal.  a steak will give a happy ending to this meal. meals are end with dessert. steaks are not eaten at the end of a meal.  "steak is the main course of a meal, commonly ending with a dessert.". the dish is too spicy since i just added too much salt. salt is not spicy. salt doesn't make a dish spicy so it couldn't cause a dish to be too spicy.  spicy dish does not requires too much salt to add.  the soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet. toilet is not the right place for watching soccer matches. any match cannot be played in the so small toilet.  the toilet does not have a television so the soccer fan couldn't see the match.  i earned more than a hundred euro because i smashed my cell phone's screen. fixing a cell phone's screen needs money. "you do not count money as earned, but spent if it is used for a  repair.". you don't earn money smashing your cellphone.  i had chairs from subway as my lunch. chairs are not eatable. people sit in chairs while they eat subway subs for lunch.  you cannot eat chairs for lunch.  "it's too far to get home from the supermarket, thus i choose walking on foot". walking is the slowest way of traffic. walking makes no sense if the distance is too long. "if something's too far, walking is your least attractive option". "upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat, but it also means less money". people should pay for an upgrade of the seat. a better seat than the original could not cost less money.  purchasing an upgrade or product of any kind is always more expensive than not making a purchase.  the charging case can help your cell phone's engine last longer. cell phones don't have an engine. cell phones do not have engines.  cell phones don't have an engine. "you should be careful in italy, since there is so many delicious food". there is no need to be afraid of delicious food. delicious food does not need to be careful in italy.  delicious food cannot harm anybody.  imported cars don't sell well in mainland because the tax is too low. "high tax will rise the price, causing people less likely to buy the item". "lower taxes would make the cars more affordable, so that would not be an adequate reason.". "people like it when the tax is low, so they would buy more cars.". high tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the us. high tuition is a burden. students wants to get out of school fast and in the easiest way. high tuition is an indicator of a high quality education in the us so it would not make students reluctant.  "voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens, representing all human race". hamburger is not a suitable gift in formal occasions. hamburgers do not represent the human race.  hamburgers don't represent humans. "that movie is awesome, that's why its box office is damn low". being an awesome movie is not the reason for having a low box office. awesome movies make a lot of money at the box office.  a good movie will have a good box office. "the last of us is an excellent video game, it's famous for its taste". "video games don't have a taste, since they're not food". video games have no discernible taste.  video games are not consumable.  watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes. watching video harm people's eyes. long exposure times to video screens hurts eyes.  exposure to blue light is damaging to the eyes.  "the temperature of gold keeps rising, it's time to sell off". temperature doesn't affect gold's price. temperature has no correlation to value when it comes to the profitability of gold.  the sales price of gold doesn't depend on its temperature. he can't unlock the phone since he forgot the time. it's not necessary to know the time when unlocking the phone. the time does not unlock a phone.  time has nothing to do with unlocking a phone. he was arrested for saving the girl from the fire. people will be arrested only when they are criminals. saving someone's life from a fire is heroic therefore getting arrested for saving someones life is nonsensical.  saving a person is a heroic deed and not a crime.  "when i get into my car, i saw a giraffe on the wheel". giraffes are too big to stay in a car. giraffe is too big to be appear on the wheel. giraffes cannot fit in cars.  "it's getting hotter and hotter, we need to turn on the light". turning on the light will keep room temperature the same. a light does no reduce heat.  lights don't cool rooms. "her father was murdered, thus she is seeking for a job". seeking for a job have nothing to do with the death of one's parent. seeking for a job does not help in grieving for the murder of a loved one. a dead father does not mean you are unemployed.  the city is abandoned because of the firework. firework does no harm to the city. a firework could not do enough damage to cause a city to be abandoned. fireworks are often used for celebrations or holidays. the aircraft stopped by the platform. aircraft don't need a platform. aircraft stop on a runway and taxi up to the concourse.  aircraft do not run on platform.  he got to known his mom in a party. people got to know their parent once they're born. he already knew his mom.  a man's mother would not get to know him at a party.  "i don't believe in the journalists, they are writing fake codes". journalists' job is not writing codes. journalists are not known for writing codes. journalists do not write codes.  teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation's past. chemistry don't tell stories about one's past. chemistry does not relate to the past.  fake chemistry and the past of a student's nation are not related. mistakes are the things that one do rightly. something that is done right is not called mistake. mistakes are things one gets wrong and not right.  mistakes can never be a success.  millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country. millions of deaths is not a good consequence. excellent policies don't cause people to die.  excellent policy of that country will not kill the millions of people.  she is sobbing because she won the lottery. wining the lottery makes people happy. winning the lottery makes people happy.  winning the lottery is not sad. the french fries contain too much vitamin. french fries is lack of vitamin. vitamin does not available in french fries.  french fries contain hardly any nutritional value to begin with.  the suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence. suspect will not be executed if there is not enough evidence. without strong evidence no one can be executed according to rules. lack of evidence normally leads to the acquittal of the suspects.  "he left his luggage in the airport, thus the luggage have to go back". luggage can't move by themselves. luggage does not have to go back if someone forgets it.  the luggage must be picked up at the airport by the man.  adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing. "lemon juice is sour, not sweet". lemon juice is tart rather than sweet.  lemon juice isn't sweet.  french people don't eat sugar because they are too spicy. "sugar is sweet, not spicy". sugar is sweet and not spicy. sugar is not a spicy food.  "when people say ""cheers"", you should drink all the water". people don't toast with water. cheers usually involve alcohol. cheers are used to toast any kind of drink.  "the shorter time the wine is stored, the better taste it will have". "time gives wine a unique flavor, which makes wine attractive". wine gets better with time. wine gets better with age.  one can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home. silicon chip can only be made in special factories. oven is not a place to make silicon chip.  oven's heat is very low to make a silicon chip.  beach sand sand solved japan's famine problem after world war 2. only food can solve famine problem directly. sand is not to eat. beach sand cannot support food.  making a living in mars is not so hard. making a living in mars is extremely difficult. mars is not inhabited.  mars does not have human civilization yet.  "if you are injured, you'd better go to the restaurant fast". restaurant won't deal with the injure. restaurants are for dining out.  doctors do not practice medicine at restaurants.  the youtuber make a living by making rockets. youtuber refers to the video makers. youtube has no interest in people who make rockets.  youtubers create videos or livestreams. he travelled around the uninhabited island by train. uninhabited island don't have railway. the uninhabited island cannot have rails for train.  "if an island is uninhabited, there would be no trains.". enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people. there is no sunshine in indoor places. supermarket is made up of closed shelter so we can not get the sunshine.  super market is a place not to enjoy sunshine.  "the sea is so red, as i saw in the beach". the sea don't look read. the sea is blue.  neither seas nor beaches are red.  catching fish with an iphone is viable. iphone cannot be used for catching fishes. iphones can't catch a fish. iphone's are used for communication and cannot be used to catch fish.  the hallway is lighted by plastic. plastic cannot produce light. plastics have no lightning properties.  plastic is not a source of energy used to illuminate darkness.  they are collecting cans to make a bonfire. cans are not combustible. cans do not burn in fire.  "cans are made of metal, and are not flammable.". making fire is not that easy for modern people. there are hundreds of ways for modern people to make fire. there are many commonly available devices and substances that can make fire.  fire making is pretty easy currently. "stay away from the beach, there is carp in the water". "carps don't harm people, thus there is no need to worry". carp are not dangerous fish. there are no carp in the water. he is trying to make a fire with sand on an island. sand is not suitable for making fire. sand doesn't ignite. you can't make fire using sand.  keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy. people with a negative attitude is usually unhappy. happiness does not come from a negative attitude.  "a negative attitude will make your life miserable, not happy". he announced the time according to the roof in the church. roof don't give time. a roof is not used to measure time.  can't tell time by a roof.  "there is too much vegetable in the dish, the calories mush be extremely high". vegetables are a kind of low calories food. normally vegetables have  a low calory count.  vegetables are not high in calories.  he was kicked off the train since he don't have a valid graduation certificate. graduation certificate is not the document for taking trains. graduation certificates will not get him on the train.  obtaining an academic certificate is not a mandatory prerequisite to being allowed to ride trains.  "whenever you miss me, watch the toilet, i'm just right there". toilet is not a symbol for remembering someone. no one would suggest the toilet as a proper memento.  "people are not generally in toilets, so watching the toilet would not help.". "the train reaches its next station, every passenger shall get off the train". people don't have to leave the train in a normal train station. everyone does not get off a train at once.  "the next station is not the last station, so not all passangers will get off the train.". "the tank arrived just in time, the injured person is thus saved". tank is a battle vehicle. tanks don't save injured lives. "ambulances save injured people, not tanks.". the adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky. sun can only be seen during the day. the sun only appears in day not night.  the sun does not appear in the night sky.  the astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money. people won't die directly because they are running out of money. money is not required to live.  astronauts don't need money to live. the passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin. panda is too huge for an overhead cabin. a panda can't fit in a overhead cabin. animals don't go in overhead storage.  the people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911. disasters make people sad and terrified. no one with a heart laugh at such tragedy. disaster of 911 was a sad incident there is nothing to laugh in it.  the aircraft landed on the highways as normal. aircraft don't land on highways in normal cases. aircrafts cannot land on highways safely.  aircrafts do not normally land on highways. lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late. taking a late subway will make people have more chance for being late for office. "if the subway was late, the staff would be late.". transport being late has an opposite effect on timleiness.  he suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal. stepping on the brake pedal will make the car stop. brake pedal are mean to make the car stop.  brake pedals are used to slow down. there is an elephant hiding under the bed. there's not enough space under the bed for an elephant. an elephant would not fit under a bed.  elephant is much bigger than bed cannot hide under the bed.  the engineers cured his disease. engineers are not qualified as well as not allowed to cure people. engineers do not work in the medical field.  engineers don't know how to cure diseases. the sports car is running fast on its railway. sports cars don't have a railway. sports cars have tires designed for roads and typically cannot be attached to a railway.  "trains run on railways, not sports cars.". the forest fire saved acres of woods. forest fire is a disaster for woods. "fires destroy woods, they don't spare them". fire burns trees.  "if you don't know how to solve the problem, just answer it". "if one don't know how to solve a problem, they cannot answer it". you must know the answer to solve a problem.  you cannot answer a problem you don't know how to solve.  "the traffic light goes green, he have to stop". green light means it's time to go. green light is the signal to move.  green lights mean go.  the troop asked for assistance with their gun. "gun is a weapon, it cannot be used for asking assistance". one does not use a gun to ask for assistance.  troops know how to use guns and would not need assistance.  there is a huge dolphin in my backyard. dolphins lives in water. the dolphins are living in sea water only.  there are only dolphins in the sea. the kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so. the fork is not eatable. humans don't eat fork. it is humanly impossible to eat a fork. the loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves. the classroom is kept quite during the class. class is mot a place where people enjoy loud music and alcohol.  can't drink in class. his girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment. being early is a good thing. being early does not cause trouble with appointments.  being early for an event is not cause for annoyance in itself.  salads are usually considered junk food. salads are healthy food. salads are healthy food.  salads are heatlhy.  the government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian. shopping centers are the places for shopping and having fun. shopping centers are generally non-governmental projects.  the government does not build shopping centers.  i asked for a sucker in mcdonald's. mcdonald's don't provide sucker. mcdonald's does not sell suckers. mcdonald's does not serve candy.  the public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident. police should be praised for if they response quickly. people would be happy that the police responded quickly.  when  police respond quickly the public appreciate them. i poured cola into hair dryer. the hair drier can be destroyed by liquid. pouring cola into a hair dryer would break the hair dryer and mean you could not drink the cola.  a hairdryer will stop working if cola is poured into it.  that person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs. wheel chairs cannot move in the steps. a person uses a wheelchair when they cannot use their legs to move so they may not be able to use steps.  people in wheels can't do steps.  "having been staring at the display for a whole day, my legs feel sick". people use their eyes to see the display. staring at a display will not hurt your legs.  staring at a display is unlikely to make legs feel sick.  i bought a spezi from a washing machine. washing machines are used for washing clothes. i didn't sell spezi in a washing machine. washing machines don't have spezi in them. he saw me through the wall. people cannot see things through the wall. "a wall is opaque, so it is impossible to see through one to the other side.". "walls are not transparent, therefore nobody can be seen through a wall.". the ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette. baguette cannot be used to kill people. a baguette being bread cant kill anyone. baguette is not a thing to kill the ancient knight.  he copied lots of files in a copy shredder. shredders are used for smashing files. the shredder destroys paper and does not make copies.  copy shredders cannot be used to copy files; only to destroy them.  he smashed the paper after finishing that. people are supposed to hand in the paper after finishing that. smashing a newly finished paper is not normal behavior. a paper is not thick enough to be smashed.  he picked up his tesla car and got off the train. the train cabin is not enough for containing a car. "picking up a car sounds like slang, and a car is too heavy to lift.". tesla cars are too heavy for a person to pick up. he unlocked the door with his foot. foots cannot unlock any doors. you are unable to lock a door with one's foot.  a door lock is not built to be opened with a foot. that guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake. earthquakes cannot be stopped by umbrella. umbrella's aren't useful in earthquakes.  an umbrella will not block an earthquake. he bought a hamburger in the post office. post offices are used for sending mails. post offices are for mails and packages.  a post office is not somewhere you can buy a hamburger.  she mailed some boats in the post office. boats are usually so huge. boats is much bigger than the post office.  boat's are too large to mail at the post office.  he got to know the time by watching his ass. there is not time on people's ass. his ass does not tell time.  an ass is not a timekeeping device.  we can sit down since there is enough people in the train. "if other people occupy the seat, we cannot sit down". the presence of enough people doesn't indicate that one can sit in the train.  less seats would be available with more people on the train.  someone forgot the liver on the train. the liver is grown inside one's body. liver would not normally be on a train.  it's not normal forget body organs in a train.  there is a picture printed in the coffee. no one can print anything in coffee. coffee is not a base material.  coffee is a place where we cannot print the picture.  "the train reached its terminal station, everyone died". the terminal station won't kill people. reaching at terminal station of train is not responsible for anyone's death.  everyone left the train upon reaching it so everyone could not have died. i'm having haircut at the firefighter's. firefighters' job is putting out the fire and save people. firefighter's do not cut hair.  people get their haircut at the salon.  the wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful. wood cannot reflect anything. mirror is a thing that cannot be in the wooden material.  "mirrors are reflective, wood is non-reflective, therefore mirrors made of wood do not exist.". our ancient sailors found america continent by bus. sailors work on ships. a bus does not sail.  sailors don't use buses and there weren't buses back then. "those students love this place so much, they are happy to say farewell". people will be sad to leave some place they love. students generally don't want to say goodbye to a place that they loved. loving a place means not being happy to leave it. the police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide id card. providing id card can prove one's identity. id cards give you access to places.  "if id card is provided, no reason for police to make the person leave the train". the racer drives extremely fast in the room. the room is not suitable for driving. a room is not big enough to drive around in a car.  cars are too big to drive in rooms.  the judge screamed for the last goal. judges keeps calm during the soccer match. judges don't scream for goals.  judges are impartial and do not scream for either team. some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer. the cancer cannot be cured with lemon juice. lemon juice can't cure cancer. "lemon juice can do a lot of things, but curing cancer is not one of them.". the airport witnesses so many deaths and injures. barely anyone die or get injured in the airport. there are not a lot of deaths in an airport.  deaths and injuries are rare at airports. one have to be young enough to play the shooting game. shooting games are usually violent. shooting is an activity for adults. you have to be older to shoot.  "for seafood allergic people, they'd better not to eat bread". bread is not a kind of seafood. bread is not seafood.  bread is not a seafood so it has no impact on people with a seafood allergy.  cheating in the game is not fair for your computer. computers don't have any emotion. computers don't care about fairness.  computers are inanimate objects. taking one's own chopsticks to office is better. people normally don't have meal in office. most people do not need chopsticks at the office.  office does not require chopsticks.  i got a hair cut from the butcher. butchers' jobs are killing animals. butcher does not have hair razors. "butchers cut meat, not hair". i found the car's trace on the cement road. cars will not leave any trace on cement road. cement road does not show the car's trace.  cement is a hard service that doesn't usually leave a trace. we were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam. traffic jams cause vehicles run slower than normal. in traffice jam meeting cant take earlier because no one come in correct time.  traffic jams increase travel time and delay arrivals. he went so excited that he didn't remember anything last night. being excited can help people remember things more clearly. excitement rarely is a cause for amnesia. excitement doesn't make you forget things.  she is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house. people laugh when they're happy. laughter is not a typical response to being afraid. we don't laugh at fear. they have to say hello to each other because they are leaving. people say hello when they meet each other. "when people are leaving, they say 'bye'". hello is not a word that can't tell while leaving.  they liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice. people have to use their eyes to see the plot of movies. movies should be seen and not just heard. movies are to be watched.  people don't need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them. credit cards cannot function as glasses. glasses and credit cards have nothing in common.  glasses are not an acceptable form of currency. "if you use speaker to enjoy your music, you won't bother others". everyone near the speaker can hear the sound of it. loud voice of speaker can bother others.  speakers will amplify the music and that will bother others. the fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet. vomiting will not produce any smoke. "fire alarms are triggered by smoke or fire, not by vomit.". vomit is not fire.  "if you don't want to carry things on your hand, bring a watermelon". people cannot put things in watermelons. watermelon is not a storage bag to keep the things its a fruit.  watermelons are large and would require both hands to hold one.  the host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house. grassland will not stop people. grass is not a barrier to stop people.  people can still step on grass to enter the house.  you'd better not try that dish if you can't tolerate rock music. rock music have nothing to do with dishes. musical taste has nothing to do with how palatable a person finds a meal to be.  rock is a musical style and not a food. don't forget to turn off the light if you're the first to come. the light should be turned on if there is person in the room. "you don't turn off the lights when you arrive, you turn them on". you turn on lights when you are the first person there. the couple enjoyed their sex in the bus. public spaces is not suitable for making love. having sex on a public bus is illegal in most places. sex in public places such as on buses is illegal.  they used that application and called a bus. buses have their fixed routine. buses cannot be called from an application.  there is not an app that you can install on your phone to call a bus.  the sun will rise up from the west. the earth revolves around the sun. "the sun only rises in the east, and not from the west.". "viewed from the northern pole, earth rotates counter-clockwise and never changes the direction of rotation.". the law can not be changed. the constitution will change to solve the problem in the society. people alter the law when necessary.  laws are amended and can be changed to fit society's needs.  people will repeat the same mistake. people will learn from the mistakes. people can learn from their mistakes and not repeat them. most people learn from their mistakes and do not do the same things again.  drinking wine is good for health. alcohol in the wine is bad for our health. using alcohol is bad for a persons health.  drinking wine can be harmful to your health.  put our hands into the fire is safe. the fire is so hot that the hands of people can't bear it.  fire burns and therefore isn't safe to put your hand into.  fire burns hands.  two man can't fall in love with each other. love has no relation with sex. gay marriage is legal and common in many countries.  "it is possible for two men to be in love, which is the reason why the concept of homosexuality even exists.". men can't wear skirts. skirts are just a kind of clothes and it has nothing to do with gender. men can wear anything that they want whether acceptable or not if it can fit. skirt can be worn by anyone.  air conditioning must be used in summer. cool summer days don't need air conditioning. some climates are not hot enough in the summer to require air conditioning. air conditioning is not must in summer it depends on the person needs.  a car is slower than a bike. a car has a powerful engine that can generate a lot of power. the power of car engine is higher than bike so car can not be slower than bike.  a bike is slower than a car.  the day is darker than the night. the sun is very bright during the day. the sun is up during the day and down at night.  day is bright. there are human beings living on the sun. the sun is too hot for human habitation. the sun is only a ball of fire where life cannot survive.  the sun is too hot for human beings to survive.  rabbits eat lions. lions are carnivores and rabbits are herbivores. rabbits are small animals than lions.  rabbits are herbivores.  "if you want to eat food, you have to cook for yourself". you can to to the restaurant to eat food. one can also get food from outside.  you can eat food at restaurants or buy ready-made meals at stores.  "if you fall, you will break a bone". only a heavy fall can break a bone. falling doesn't necessarily make a bone break.  some falls are not hard enough to break bones.  people eat with their eyes. people's eyes are not suitable for eating foods. "the eyes are used to see, not to eat.". the eyes do not connect to the digestive tract. pandas can be hunted. pandas are protected animals and are not allowed to be killed. pandas are an endangered species.  pandas are an endangered species.  "if you want to lose weight, eat junk food". junk food will make people fat. people gain weight from junk food.  junk food helps to gain weight.  "if you want to be white, just get in the sun". sunlight darkens people. "sun exposure causes skin to tan, not whiten.". uv rays from the sun make skin darker. eating vegetables is bad for health. the vitamins in vegetables are good for health. vegetables are good for you.  vegetables have lots of vitamins and fiber that are good for health. "if you want to make friends, you should stay alone". communication can lead to friendship. you need to be social to make friends and would need to be around other people.  making friends requires meeting people. dogs are our enemies. dogs have been domesticated for human service. dogs are man's best friend.  dogs are friendly animals. mosquitoes won't bite people. human blood is food for mosquitoes. people often get mosquito bites. mosquitoes feed on people and animals.  the arctic ocean won't freezes in winter. temperatures in the arctic ocean below zero degrees celsius in winter can freeze water. the artic is very cold so the ocean freezes in winter.  water freezes in -2 ? celsius. a thief stole my eyes. "eyes is a part of our body,so it can't be stolen". a thief would not steal eyes.  eyes are not something people target for theft.  i eat the sun today. the sun is too big to eat. sun is a planet it can not be eaten.  it is physically impossible to eat the sun. my brother is menstruating. men can't menstruate. men do not menstruate and a brother is a male.  only females menstuate.  my brother likes flying. man cannot fly. humans can't fly.  humans cannot fly.  there must be aliens outside our solar system. scientists haven't proved the existence of aliens. aliens do not exist.  no proof of alien existence exists so we cannot say for definite that they exist.  eating fruit is bad for your health. the vitamins in fruit are good for the body. to be health one should eat fruit.  fruits are good n nutritious for health. jack caught a bear in the sea. there are no bears in the sea. bears do not live in the sea.  bear are found inside the forest not in the sea.  "if you want a wound to heal quickly, put it into the dirty water". bacteria in dirty water can infect a wound. dirty water will make a wound infected and make it take longer to heal.  dirty water will not help a wound heal; it would probably make a wound worse.  "i'm so hungry,so i have to take a shower". taking a shower won't make you feel full. taking the shower is not responsible for satiate the hunger.  shower cannot be done while we are hungry.  i can smell the light of the lamp. people can't smell the light. lights do not produce a smell.  lamps have no smell. "if you want to arrive quickly, take a train". planes are faster than trains. trains are a slow mode of transportation. "trains are slow moving and have multiple stops along the way, so not a quick way to get anywhere.". wear a jacket if you want to get cool. short sleeves are thinner and cooler than jackets. jackets will keep you warm in cool weather.  if you don't wear a jacket you will get cool.  get more sleep if you want to get fit. exercise burns calories. getting more sleep doesn't help with getting fit. sleeping is relaxing and you cannot get fit if you are asleep.  diamonds are falling outside. diamonds don't fall from the sky. diamonds do not fall from the sky.  "diamonds are found within the earth, and are not a part of weather patterns.". "if you want to protect your eyesight, look at the computer more often". computer radiation is bad for eyesight. staring at a computer screen for long periods hurts your eyes.  starting into a computer screen for long periods of time causes eye strain.  "if you want to keep warm, stay close to the ice". the fire is warm. "ice is cold, not warm". ice is cold.  work if you want to relax. sleep can give people energy. work is stressful and rushing.  working is the opposite of relaxing.  too much exercise can lead to health. too much exercise makes people lose focus and lead to injuries. too much exercise puts strain on the body which can cause harm.  "while exercise is healthy, it can be overdone.". there are aliens on the moon. man has not proved that there is life on the moon. aliens do not exist.  "so far, there is absolutely zero evidence of life on our moon, past or present.". all animals are very aggressive. domestic dogs are not aggressive. not every animal is aggressive; some are docile and friendly.  some animals are not aggressive. "if you want to see farther, go to the basins". "the higher you stand, the farther you can see". a basin is something typically found in a bathroom or a word used to describe a location in low elevation where water exists.  you won't see farther in water.  stand in the sun if you want to cool off. sunlight makes people feel hot. the sun produces heat. the sun is hot and would not help a person cool down.  don't bring an umbrella on rainy days. an umbrella keeps out the rain. umbrellas are a decent rain shield. "umbrellas are tools used to keep rain off of your body, they should be used on rainy days.". staying up late is good for health. staying up late is not conducive to the recovery of physical function. a good night sleep is good for health.  staying up late is harmful for health. studying abroad will reduce your knowledge. going abroad you can see many new things and people. people actually learn a lot while studying abroad.  studying abroad will expand and expose you to new knowledge.  drinking more water is bad for health. water is essential to the human body. "the body is made up of mostly water, so drinking it is good.". water is good for your health. humans can breathe the martian air directly. the martian air is low in oxygen. there is not enough oxygen in martian air to sustain human life.  it is not actually possible for humans to breathe martain air directly.  rats are the largest land animals. the elephant is bigger than the mouse. mice are small rodent animals. there are many species of land animals much larger than rats.  man is the fastest animal. the tiger runs faster than the man. it is just a known fact that other animals are faster than man. there are many species of animals that can move faster than man.  electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings. electronic devices save people a lot of time. electronic devices are helpful to humans.  electronic devices are not a blanket evil or harm in society.  driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind. driverless cars can free the driver's hands. driverless cars are so well programmed that they move more swiftly that cars driven by humans. driverless cars can make the roads safer and cause fewer accidents.  . more people will be more productive. failure to work as a team reduces efficiency. more of something does not automatically lead to a better outcome and more people may just actually create confusion.  more people can cause a mess.  machines never go wrong. machines have bugs. there is always a likely hood that something can go wrong.  "machines are not perfect, and occasionally break down or stop performing.". fish are flying in the sky. fish can't fly. fish don't fly.  fish can only live in water.  money is everything. money can't buy health. there are things in all of everything that aren't worth money.  money is not everything. there is more to life.  people can stop breathing. people die without oxygen. people would die if they stopped breathing.  people will die if stop breathing.  good-looking people are sure to find jobs. the company focuses on practical ability. no one is ever allotted a job just based on their looks.  looks do not influence hiring.  all the leaves are green. the withered leaves are yellow. leaves can be different colors. "all leaves are not green. in the fall they are yellow, orange,  and red". i went to the toilet to eat food. there's no food in the toilet.  people don't generally eat on the toilet. people do not eat food in the toilet usually. i went to the moon to pick apples. there are no apple trees on the moon. there are apples on the moon.  apples do not grow on the moon.  i was thirsty so i went to eat bread. drink water to rehydrate your body. when we are hungry we eat food but if we are thirsty we drink water.  eating bread doesn't quench thirst. i felt cold so i took off some clothes. clothes protect against the cold. "if you take off clothes, you will feel colder.". "if you take off your clothes, you're even colder". "if you want to get good grades, play games". playing games won't help you master knowledge better. playing games does not help with getting good grades. playing games does not help with academic success. china's history is short. "china has a history of 5,000 years". china has been around for awhile. china is a very old country.  man can breathe in space. there is no air in space. there is no oxygen in space.  there is no oxygen in space and hence man can't breathe in space.  i saw a tiger in the sky yesterday. tigers can't fly. tigers are ground animals that cannot fly.  the tiger only walks the earth and not the sky. i got hurt so i went to the restaurant. a hospital is a place of treatment. "when someone is injured, that someone typically addresses the injury before the appetite.". a restaurant is a place to go eat.  jim doesn't like fruit so he often eats apples. apples are fruits. if jim doesn't like fruit he won't eat an apple. jim will not eat apples if he doesn't like fruit.  mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries. it takes a lot of money to buy luxury goods. luxuries is a lifestyle only happen with lots of money.  luxuries does not buy without money.  two lovers are bound to get married. there are many factors that affect marriage. lovers not always bond to marry.  love is antithetical to marriage.  first-class airline seats are for the fat. first class seats are expensive. first-class is typically an upgrade including comfier seating and extra items. skinny people can also be in first class.  the telephone is the most important thing in human society. there are many important inventions in human society. "the telephone is one of the important things, but not the most important thing.". "human society was there when there were no phones, so phones are not most important". i had rocks for breakfast. stone is not human food. rocks are not edible. rocks are not a breakfast item.  i went out in an umbrella. umbrellas are not clothes. an umbrella cannot be worn.  "you cannot wear an umbrella, it is not clothing.". he was very happy because he got low marks in the exam. low scores are frustrating. people usually feel unhappy or sad if they do not do well on an exam.  low exam grades are detrimental and usually cause sadness.  he went to prison for charity. charity is not against the law and is respected. charity is not illegal. "people go to prison for crimes, not acts of kindness.". the soup was very bad i drank a lot of it. no one likes a bad soup. you do not drink a lot of things that are bad.  bad things don't taste good.  i left my home at key. the house is too big to put on the key. home is much bigger than key to keep.  you cannot leave your home in your key.  i lost my shoes while i was waiting for the traffic lights. i can't lose my shoes when i put them on. you can't loose your shoes while you're wearing them. shoes are always tied to the foot and cannot be lost.  there was a tornado outside so i went for a walk. no one wants to go out during a tornado. walking outside when there is a tornado is dangerous. it is dangerous to walk in a tornado.  my leg hurt so i went to play basketball. injured leg can't play basketball. "when the leg hurts ,it is not possible to play.". "if your leg is hurting, you don't play basketball". i smoke in the plane. smoking is not allowed on the plane. smoking is no longer allowed in a plane.  you're not allowed to smoke on planes nowadays. i drink my tea slowly during the earthquake. it's dangerous to evacuate quickly. earthquakes invoke panic not slowness. earthquakes are dangerous and spill tea.  i grow potatoes on mars. you can't grow plants on mars. there are no potatoes on mars.  mars does not support vegetation.  cut off your toes if you don't want your socks to cut. cutting off toes is unnecessary and can be disabling. socks cannot cut the toes.  cutting off your toes would not make your socks more comfortable.  i like swimming in the playground best. there is no water in the playground. playgrounds do not have an area for swimming.  "a playgound consists of ground, not water.". the roof was covered with wind. wind consists of air that cannot cover things. "wind is not visible, therefore cannot be covered in it". wind is not a mass that can cover something.  i'm going to walk to school because i'm in a hurry. walking does not save time. walking is a very slow method of transportation not associated with people in a rush to get somewhere.  to walk somewhere will take longer than to be driven there.  my dog feed me every day. dogs can't feed people. dogs have to be fed by their masters.  dog can't feed.  he explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students. people can't write anything on the sky. the steps can't be written on the sky.  the sky is not a surface for writing.  the music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere. tables cannot produce music. table does not use to play the music to relax the people.  music is not played by tables.  it's bitter for couples to reunion. reunion of beloved people bring happiness. reunion is a good thing.  couples don't hate getting together. i need to be patient to catch my schedule. being patient cannot not make things quicker. waiting to catch up is a bad idea. patience will further delay the schedule.  people have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream. music stream is an electronic media. music streams are electronic and not delivered. delivery and music stream are not related. people have to swim for a long distance in a marathon. marathon is a kind of running test. a marathon is a running race not a swimming race.  the marathon is a long-distance running race. the pianist earned face palm in the hall. people won't face palm the player even if they're not good enough. a face palm would not be a way to show appreciation.  "a performer does not earn a face palm, since this gesture represents failure". adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour. vinegar is sour. "both lemon juice and vinegar are sour, so adding vinegar will not make lemon juice less sour.". vinegar will make lemon juice more sour.  the troop detected enemy plane with their medal. medals cannot be used for locating aircraft. medals generally can't detect planes.  medals are small metal items worn on a soldier's chest. the last movie of the game is awesome. movies are not consisted of chapters. game does not include movies.  "games consist of parts or pieces, not movies.". running in the athletic track is not safe. athletic track is made for running. athlethic tracks are designed for running and are generally safe.  the atheltic track at the high school is a excellent place to run safely.  a camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen. cameras is not a protection component of cell phones. a camera has not effect on whether or not your phone screen will break if you drop it.  a camera does not helps to smashing the screen of the cell phones.  he is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin. dustbins are made for throwing garbages. dustbin is the official place for throwing garbage.  "garbage should go in the dustbin, so he would not be fined for putting garbage in the dustbin.". "to become a state of law, the president should change the constitution in secret". changing the constitution have to be approved by public in a state of law. the president is not allowed to change the constituion.  constitution changes need congress approval.  paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment. paper bags can be degraded within a short time. paper bags are biodegradable and therefore cause less damage to the environment.  paper bags are biodegradable.  people obtain sea salt from the dessert. there is not salt contained in sand. desserts and deserts contain very little sea salt.  there's no sea salt in the desert. "since he is about to leave, his roommates give him a surprise funeral". people have funeral when someone died. "a funeral is only for someone who has died, not for someone who is just leaving a place.". "funerals are for mourning the dead, and are not used to celebrate milestone events.". the sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky. the sand is not reflexive. "sand is found on the beach, not on roads.". sand is solid with rough surface which doesn't reflect. "the video game called ""pure white"" sounds beautiful". "people play video game with their eyes, ears as well as hands". pure white which sounds beautiful does not belong to the video game.  "a video game cannot be termed "" beautiful""". two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel. brothels are not formal meeting places. a brothel would be an inappropriate place for two world leaders to meet.  brothels are not places to exchange opinions.  i got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall. human cannot go through the glass curtain wall. you can't go through a glass curtain wall. you cannot walk through walls.  "there is no speed limitation on germany highway, thus the driver can drive as far as they can". speed limitation is for constraining the vehicles' speed. driving fast does not mean you have to drive far.  distance doesn't equal speed. you should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth. politicians cannot cure diseases. "politicians deal with politics, they are not doctors.". politicians can't fix teeth. the police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun. water gun does no damage to people. water guns wouldn't stop a criminal. "a head shot cannot happen with a water gun, since it is for summer fun.". our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant. dictatorial president don't spend time with their people. there is no relationship between eating at popular restaurants and being a dictator.  eating buns does not make you a dictator or a hypocrite.  it's hard to recognize what's in there in an objective painting. objective paintings are about specific things. objective paintings have obvious things in them.  objective paintings are not hard to recognize.  the ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains. there is not lots of fishes in the mountains. fish are not in mountains.  fish don't live in the mountains. a drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current. there is no power in the drifting bottle. drifting bottle have no energy to travel against ocean current.  drifting bottles are not strong enough to go against the current.  the employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright. bright light keeps people awake. bright lights make you awake.  bright rooms don't cause sleepiness. having a sunbath at night will make people feel released. there is no sunlight during the night. it is impossible to take a sunbath at night.  the sun is not out at night.  the driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car. tyre is not made for containing luggage of the passengers. you can not store things in a tyre. tires are rubber wheels that help a car move. he sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend. credit cards are not memorial. "credit cards are only used by the person they are issued to, you cannot send one as a souvenir.". credit card is too expensive to be used for souvenir.  they built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare. cinemas cannot act as a entity to remember dead people. a cinema is a place people watch movies at.  dead people do not watch movies at a cinema.  "he is poor at written english, thus he is afraid to talk to others". one don't need to write when they are talking to others. being poor at written english doesn't relate to being poor at talking to others or being afraid of doing so. speech has nothing to do with writing.  living people cannot die. people will die soon or later. living people will always die. everthing that lives must die.  refugees brought so many wealth. refugees are poor. "refugees did not being wealth, instesd they brought safety concerns.". refugees don't bring a lot of money with them. the metro started service because of the metro driver's strike. people won't work when they are striking. "the drivers are striking, so there would be no one to drive.". a strike would make it impossible for the subway to function.  "it's a town far from the city, i can see the moon shining in the sky". the moon won't shine in the sky. "the moon doesn't shine, it only reflects the light from the sun.". moon is not a thing that shines in the sky.  they have some whales in their fish tank. whales are too big for the fish tank. whales are too big for fish tanks.  personal fish tanks can't hold whales. he subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos. people only subscribe to what they like. disliked videos does not require subscription.  people don't subscribe to channels that upload videos they don't like.  "the air quality is not good enough, thus i bought bottle water". buying bottle water will not solve the air quality problem. drinking bottled water has nothing to do with air quality. buying water will not affect the air quality. he drew all the japanese comics in his cheat sheet. student use the cheat sheet to write things that benefit their exams. a cheat sheet will not have that much space to draw all the japanese comics.  cheat sheets are used to cheat during exams to get good marks.  he discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture. lectures are for the professor to give new lessons. "during a lecture people do not express issues, they listen.". talking is usually not permitted during class lectures.  the sky turned green during the sunset. the sky will not turn green anytime. colors of the sunset range from purple to yellow but never includes green.  green isn't a naturally occurring color in the sky.  he does research work to kill his time. the research work is meaningful. it's not cool to spend time with jobs. research work is not done to kill time as it does not relax  a person.  he feels alone because everyone talk to him. talking with other can release the feeling of alone. getting talked to is not being alone. "if you are surrounded by people talking to you, you're not alone.". everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake. people celebrating when there is some good thing going on. people don't celebrate earthquakes.  severe earthquakes cause destruction and are not something to celebrate.  the phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation. customers will be less triggered to buy a phone that lacks of innovation. people will not ordinarily buy a phone that is not innovative. "if a phone lacks innovation, it won't sell well". people have a great probability to travel to mars by bus in the following decades. buses cannot travel in space. busses cannot fly. there are no roads to mars. workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe. underwear won't protect people from accidents. underwear is not used to keep the people safe.  underwear is not so hard to protect the workers.  diseases make people enhance brilliant moments. diseases will make people suffer. diseases bring on pain and agony. disease prevents brilliant moments.  surgery falls back as time passes. surgery is developing better and better thanks to the research of human. surgery does not fall.  medical fields are always searching for new innovation and solutions.  talking in one's mother tongue makes one feel disgusting. people like hearing their mother tongue. speaking a native language is a comforting feeling for people.  it is effortless and natural to speak in one's mother tongue.  traditional culture is always a positive thing. every nation's tradition culture have some negative parts. "there are multiple cases in which traditional culture goes against ethics, moral and common sense.". traditional cultures can have outdated or negative aspects.  the choir is preparing for their next battle. members in a choir are not soldier. people do not sing for battle.  "choirs sing, they don't fight battles.". "heavy clouds are hovering above my head, there must be good weather soon". low and heavy cloud will bring rain and storm. heavy clouds indicate rain.  heavy clouds never suggests good weather.  the pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him. watches will not save pilot from air crashes. watches won't slow your fall. a watch is not be something that can save a person's life from a plane crash.  i had a nice sleep on my pool. people cannot sleep in water. pool are not a common place to sleep.  "people go into pools to swim, not to sleep.". he inflated his breast with a inflator. inflator is not suitable for inflating people's breast. breasts do not inflate.  "men don't have breasts, and breasts themselves are not enhanced with an air pump.". he cannot get his phd degree because he doesn't have wife. getting married is not the requirement for getting phd degree. a phd thesis typically does not depend upon spouses.  having a wife wouldn't impact getting a phd. the dj made the airport extremely high. "airport doesn't need dj, since they don't need loud music". airports typically do not have djs. the dj only works at parties. "don't get too close to the ant, it may eat you". ants are too small to eat human. ants don't eat humans.  ants are not known to eat humans. "we create poem because we are monkey, and the human, is full of passion". monkeys don't write poems. monkeys don't create poems.  humans are not monkeys.  people gain satisfaction from self-denial. self-denial will make people feel bad all the times. self-denial does not bring satisfaction to people.  "self-denial has more to do with inner turmoil and things a person is not willing to accept, which leads to negative feelings.". split the smoke directly to one's face is good for health. smoke is bad for health. second hand smoke is categorically not good for one's health.  "smoke is not healthy, so spitting it into one's face is bad for health.". people may fall in love with someone they have never seen. people won't fall in love with an entirely stranger. you must see a person to fall in love.  people need to see each other to fall in love.  there is different kinds of insects in the tea. insects cannot be made into tea. insects are not primary tea ingredients. "insects do not go in tea, but flowers do.". their spirit sounds pretty good. spirit is not a kind of sound. spirit is a inner mental strength.  the spirit is not a phrase.  dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious. beef is not a kind of sauce. beef is a solid food.  you can't dip into beef. the factory contributes lots of rain to the local community. factories will not intervene the local weather. the rain comes from the sky. rain is not a manufactured commodity.  "the ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production, thus caused the famine". famines are caused by lacking of food. a famine caused by improved food production is highly unlikely. bogus policy can decrease the food production and thus creates famine.  we used our tax income to help foreign poor people. taxes income is used for the tax payers. "our taxes go to help our town, not the world.". tax revenue is used locally to help people.  drinking more water will help you grow taller. water does not offer nutrition for growth and development. water hydrates the body; does not make it grow.  water is not attributed to growth in humans. he toggled the switch to turn his ass on. human's ass is not electronic. there is no buttons on asses.  there isn't a switch to activate an ass. he is waiting for his flight in the metro station. flights will not land in metro station. trains and subway cars use metro stations.  "metro station is for trains , where as for flight one must go to airport.". "finally it's time to leave, i'm upset to say hello to my friends". """hello"" is used when people meet each other". "when you leave, you do not say hello.". "when you're leaving, you're saying goodbye". "if you fall, the acceleration is towards the sky". the earth will attract everything because of the law of gravity. "gravity pulls objects towards the ground, making it impossible for most objects to rise.". "gravity makes you accelerate towards the ground, not the sky when you are falling.". "i have to return the borrowed book to the library, or i would have souvenir". libraries don't give souvenirs to the rule breakers. a borrowed book would not be a souvenir. "library books are only lent to people, they don't get to keep them.". the patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died. the ash of a person is not useful. "ashes are burnt remains, they are not able to use for transplants, etc.". "ash is not donated, but organs are.". she jumped off the table to find her died lover. a table is not high enough to kill people. jumping off from the table can not do anything.  jumping off a table will not kill someone. the game handle is popular among music loving teenagers. game handles can not play any sound. game handle is popular only among game lovers. game handles don't play music.  the pianist is famous for playing violin. the pianist is the person who play piano. a pianist usually play piano and a violinist can play a violin.  pianist only plays the piano. the tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home. the tsunami will destroy houses. tsunami is a diaster that causes people lose their homes. the tsunami would wash away people's homes not help them find it. the doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy. the penicillin is not used to deal with person. penicillin does not helps to fight back his enemy.  penicillin isn't something to use against someone. "the old man is gone for a business trip, leaving his heritage behind". people will not die when they go for a business trip. heritages are left when people die.  "the word ""trip"" implies a temporary leave of absence, meaning he will eventually come back to whatever he has left.". the spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water. the water will not hurt kids. "water is good for kids, so the spirit containing too much water would not make it unsuitable for kids.". the spirit is a kind of alcohol.  he hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again. people will not play music they don't like for too many times. most music listeners are not masochistic enough to play a song they hate on repeat.  if he hated the song he would not play it.  animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales. animal protectionists help to save the animals. animal protectionists want to prevent animal deaths. animal protectionists do not want whales killed.  "the turtle will take you far away, but it doesn't matter". "turtles travel so slow, and they cannot carry human". turtles are not a mode of transportation.  a turtle moves slowly to take one far away.  people have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere. restaurants don't deal with administrative things. restaurants are not responsible for finding people accomodation or for registering people who live in a place.  a local restaurant has nothing to do with  registration for moving somewhere else.  "they will definitely leave here, since they had such a happy life in this place". people want to live in the place they love. people do not leave places they had a happy time at.  you don't want to leave happy places.  today is february 30th.  february only has 28 days or 29 days.  february has maximum 29 days in the month.  february only has 29 days at most. a good knowledge of english will improve your chances of unemployment.  knowledge of english will not let people be unemployed.  "quite the oposite, english will take you anywhere in the world.". english is the one of the most common languages so it should improve your chances. you might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling.  people do not use monkey to gamble.  "a monkey is not something that can be gamled with, or thrown away.". sensical statement1 and nonsensical statement1 are same.  i am a football.  a person is not a football.  a human cannot be a football.  "you`re a human, not football". he eats a large income.  income cannot be eaten.  money is not edible.  "eating money is difficult, as coins are too hard to chew.". can you move out of my fridge!. people do not stay in the fridge.  movable things are not kept inside fridges.  "in general, people don't go into fridges in the first place.". did you drink the bus?. people do not drink the bus.  you cannot drink a bus. a bus is too big to be drunk. does the computer ever make a cake?. computers are not able to make cakes.  computers can't make a cake. "the capabilities of a computer are limited technological actions through hardware, software, and coding.". draw your chair up to the moon.  moon is too far away.  the moon within the night sky.  a moon is too high for a chair to be drawn there.  not a soup was heard.  soup is uncountable.  soup does not make noise.  soups don't make sound. he is running an old man.  run is a intransitive verb.  an old man cannot be run like a piece of equipment.  an old man is a person not an appliance. i get up at twenty five o'clock.  there is no twenty five o'clock in a day.  twenty five o'clock is outside the time zome. there is no twenty five o'clock in our time schedule.  i eat the boss himself.  people do not eat their boss.  human beings cannot be eaten.  eating the boss would be cannibalism.  he is collecting monkey.  normal people do not collect monkey.  monkeys can't be collected.  monkeys aren't typically collected. he was born in volcano.  no one can be born in a volcano.  a person can't be born in a volcano. a volcanoe is too hot to be born in. he covered himself with a lion.  people sleep with quilt instead of lion.  a lion cannot be used as a cover. lion cannot used to cover.  they crowned him queen.  man can not be a queen.  "man are kings, woman are queens. thats how things are, you cant change your gender.". a man cannot be queen.  even a dog can answer this question.  dogs cannot answer questions.  dogs cant speak. dogs cannot speak or answer.  he sat with his arms across the street.  it is impossible to cross one's arms over the street.  arms can not be as wide as a street.  "his arms are attached to his body, and therefore cannot be across the street.". may i ask some punishment?. people ask questions not punishment.  you should not wish for punishment unless you deserve it.  punishment cannot be asked for.  there was a notice in the policeman.  a notice is not put inside people's body.  a notice cannot be put inside a policeman.  policeman is not a place to have a notice.  he hired a singer to repair the fence.  singers sing songs instead of repairing fence.  "singers perform for a living, and would not be called to repair a fence.". singer doesn't repair fence. the driver is taking my blood pressure.  drivers drive cars instead of taking blood pressure.  blood pressure knows only doctor. blood pressure is not usually tested by a driver.  we are good burgers.  people is not burgers.  burger is not a living thing. burgers cannot speak and would not be able to describe their value.  when was the horse built?. horses cannot be built.  horses are born not built as they are animals not man-made. "horses are born, not built.". i walked under the park.  people cannot walk under the park.  mostly park doesn't has subway. "people walk through parks, going under would mean you somehow go underground.". summer is a cold season.  summer is not cold.  summer is known for being the hottest season.  summer is a hot season.  he never misses a chance to drink a movie.  people see movies not drinking them.  a movie is not something you would drink. people watch movies to see something and not ingest it.  did you read the contest?. contest cannot be read.  contest cannot be read.  a contest is something to be part of and not just read.  it's only a race in honor of my birthday. people have birthday party not birthday race.  birthdays are not usually celebrated by holding a race.  a race is too expensive of an undertaking for someone's birthday.  cancer is a good disease.  cancer is a terrible because it can kill people.  cancer is one of the worse diseases. a disease only harms people.  he walks with a quick hand.  people walk with foot not hand.  hands aren't used for walking.  you don't walk with your hands. my brother is drawing a job.  jobs cannot be drawn.  job cannot be draw.  a job cannot be drawn.  have you cleared your luggage with cleaners?. people need to clear their luggage with customs not cleaners.  cleaners are not used to clear the luggage.  "there is no reason to have luggage for or around cleaners, as they don't coincide with travel.". he shot the lion with a spoon. spoon cannot shot the lion.  a spoon is used to eat food.  he is mad with fear. she is a good-looking boy.  boys are referred as he.  "the pronoun she, refers to a female.". she refers to a female and not a male.  spring is a pretty cake.  spring is a season not cake.  spring is not a type of cake.  spring describes a season and cake is a food. this elephant doesn't write well.  people use pens to write not elephant.  an elephant cannot write.  "an elephant's brain doesn't have the ability that let him speak, read or write.". "all at once, a star came out of a hole.". a star is too large to be in a hole.  "stars are located far away, in the universe, no where near the earth.". star cannot be come out from a hole.  the sun comes up in the south.  sun rises from the east instead of south.  the sun doesn't rise in the south.  the sun travels east to west and is never in the south.  he is taller than me by a train.  no one can taller than others by a train.  he cannot be that tall. a train is not a unit of measure.  i don't have any planets with me.  no one can have planets with them.  planets are located in our solar system.  planets are too big to be held. a red lion will match that suit.  no one puts a lion on their clothes.  red lions are animals and have nothing to do with clothing. "generally, people don't have access to a lion, let alone a red one.". he usually stays at home with his pet girl.  girl is human not pet.  women cannot be kept as pets.  humans cannot be pets.  she guided the river around the castle.  human cannot guide river now.  a river runs its own course and cannot be guided.  people cannot guide rivers around things. he devoted his life to the study of courage.  there is no study of courage.  courage isn't a field of research.  courage is a personality trait you cannot study it. the mother sat the child at a little zoo.  people sit on chairs or tables not zoo.  a zoo is a large attraction and so you wouldn't sit at it. "the zoo is a place, not an object that can be sat on". the mountains are sold by the dozen.  mountains cannot be sold.  mountains are not sold.  you cant sell montains. may i use your sun?. no one owns the sun.  "you cant use the sun, its on space". the sun doesn't belong to any one entity.  i saw it with my own ears.  no one see things with ears.  we do not see with our ears.  you cannot see with your ears.  would you like a cup of bread?. people do not put bread in a cup.  bread is not stored in cups. bread is not a beverage.  she really wishes her clothes had rung.  clock rings and clothes do not ring. clothes can not be rung to give off a sound.  clothes does not rung.  mr.smith taught english at a toilet.  no one teaches english in toilet.  toilet is not class to teach english. "you do other things in the toilet, not teaching english". let me tell you some water about clearance.  water does not contain information.  water cannot be told about the clearance.  water is a noun and does not describe clearance.  the secret was spread among cows.  cows do not have secret.  cows cannot understand secrets.  cow cannot spread the secret.  you can kill two birds with one spoon.  spoon cannot kill birds.  murdering birds cannot be done with a spoon. spoon is not used to kill birds.  will you connect this chair to the television?. chair cannot be connected to the television.  a chair does not have any wire to be connected to the television.  "chairs are meant for that, they will do nothing". his words are strongly impressed on my table.  words do not impressed on table. a table cannot take words on it.  tables are not conscious and cannot form impressions of people's words. "he came out of the theater, a large book under his arm.". there are plays in the theater not books.  you don't get books from the theatre. going to the theater with a book defeats the point of watching a movie. i am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space.  it is vacuum in the space.  there is not atmosphere in space.  space doesn't has causal atomosphere. how much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl?. table is made of wood not cloth.  table cannot made by the girl.  tables are not made out of cloth.  there is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky.  human cannot build a bridge over the sky now.  bridges can't go over the sky.  a bridge can not be present in the sky.  the enormous increase of happiness will create many problems.  happiness is good for people so it will not cause problems.  happiness does not make any problem to anyone. happiness is an emotion it can't create problems. no wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant.  most restaurants are still run by human.  restaurant is not a place to take the computers.  computers are taking all places. there's nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills. too many pills is bad for people's health.  pills aren't always good for you.  pills cannot be used for better.  i'm usually just using the search engines to look up anger.  search engines is unable to look up human's emotion.  anger  is not a thing to be found in a search engine.  anger is an emotion and does not pertain to search engines.  "when they get to the toilet, they can't find any oranges". people do not keep oranges in the toilet.  oranges are not found in toilets as toilet have a set intended purpose of urinating. oranges don't belong in the toilet.  they often run with the kites in the river. people is unable to fly kites in the river.  running in water is difficult.  kites cannot be found in the river.  she want to join the music club and play the games. people do not play games in the music club.  you don't have games in the music club. to play games we cannot join the music club.  the cow gives bacon and cream. bacon are meats that have been cooked.  cows do not provide bacon or cream and cannot understand the concept of giving. bacon comes from pigs.  a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen. kitchen is not a part of a dog.  kitchen is not a place does the dog have.  dogs aren't allowed in the kitchen.  jim's birthday is september 31st. september does not have 30 days.  september only has 30 days.  jim's birthday is on the same day every year so it should be on the 30th. mr. king is a farmer and he teaches english in a school. farmers do not teach lessons.  farmers don't teach. the job of a farmer is to grow crops.  we are selecting the book shelf in the jail.  people cannot buy things in the jail.  there is no book shelf in a jail. "jails have human scum, not books". exercise makes us fat. exercise can let people be fit and strong. exercise helps us lose weight.  exercise will not make us fat.  a train stops at a supermarket.  trains stops at a station instead of supermarket.  the supermarket is not place for a train.  there are no train tracks in the market. "he often plays guns with me, he hopes me to be ""yao ming""". it is illegal to play guns.  gun is not a thing to play.  guns are not toys.  the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner. the water should be no color or smell when it is clean. water does not have color and smell.  there is no smell or colour in a clean river.  she is a girl and she is my son. son is a boy not girl.  girls are not boys.  the girl is not a son only a daughter.  "we need a babysitter for our son, who is fifty five years old". it is impossible that a boy is fifty-five years old.  a 55 year old man is not a baby. babysistters take care of children. open your mouth and show me your stomach. stomach is not in mouth.  you cannot see the stomach from outside the body.  stomach is not available in the mouth.  people often say that a dog is man's best ball. dog is an animal not a ball.  "dogs are not toys, so hes not a ball". dogs aren't round or used for sports.  a bank robber was caught and sent to library. the robber will be sent to prison instead of library.  robbers are not sent to libraries.  a library is not a place of rehabilitation.  we collected some tree sticks to make a planet. it is impossible to make a planet from tree sticks now.  you cannot make a planet with sticks. planet cannot be made with the trees.  some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano. volcanos do not locate in the rainforest.  no animal can survive inside a volcano. volcano is not the home for animals.  forests help to keep sunlight from running away. forests do not keep sunlight from running away.  sunlight cannot run.  forest don't work like that. i have a terrible headache and i'm going to see a singer. singer cannot help people with their headache. a singer is not a medical professional capable of assisting with headaches.  singer is not a doctor to relieve our pain. my favorite chair is apple juice. chair is different from apple juice. apple sauce cannot be used as a chair.  "apple juice is a drink, not a item of furniture". he's watching air on the grass. air is invisible.  "you cannot see air, only what is carried on the air.". air cannot be watched.  i went to the sun when i was 20. human is unable to go to the sun now.  sun is very hot. sun is not a place to go.  there are some fruit trees on the horse. people ride horses not using them to grow trees.  horses don't give fruits. horses don't carry fruit trees.  a guide dog can lead its deaf owner. deaf people can see so they do not need guide dog. guide dogs are for blind not deaf owners. "deaf person can see, so they do not need anyone to guide them.". i'm going to buy some books from the swimming pool. people cannot buy books from swimming pool.  swimming pool containing only water. books are not available in the swimming pool.  i brush my shoes before going to bed. people brush their teeth instead of shoes before going to bed.  i brush my teeth before going to bed. "you do not need to brush your shoes everyday, if ever.". i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax. human cannot stay in sky now.  sky is not a place to stay. humans cannot float in the sky. "because of the bad water, we couldn't see anything outside". there is no connection between bad water and low visibility.  water does not affect air visibility. . water doesn't preclude vision.  the drink tasted great because i was so hungry. people eat food when they are hungry not drink. drinking something doesn't make you less hungry. beverages do not satiate hunger.  i'm going to give my house a card for her birthday. house does not have birthday.  a house is a non living thing which cannot accept cards.  houses don't have birthdays and don't celebrate them to receive gifts. most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom. people do not do shopping in their bedroom. food for sale is not stored in the bedroom.  foods is not sold in bedrooms. ginger shall be hot in the eyes.  ginger is too big to put side people's eyes. eyes cannot taste food. ginger is not consumed through the eyes.  sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh. sour milk is made of milk instead of beer. milk cannot turn into beer.  beer and milk are not the same. "it's already 9 p.m., let's have the afternoon tea". 9 p.m. is in the evening not afternoon. 9 p.m its not good time for afternoon tea. 9 p.m is not a afternoon.  i hate bananas as a desk. bananas cannot be desks. bananas cannot be used as a desk.  bananas are not desk.  i tried sushi in a japanese toilet. people do not eat food in toilet. toilets do not serve sushi. a toilet's only use is for expelling human feces and urine.  the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch. birds do not hatch from fountain. a fountain does not produce a bird.  female women don't hatch birds.  we followed the bear's tracks in the water. bears do not leave tracks in the water. water doesn't hold tracks.  "bear`s don't live in the water, you cant follow tracks in the water". it is customary to offer a knife to guests. people do not normally offer guests knifes. "knife is a weapon, not a offering one for guests". offering a knife to guests is offensive. you can buy your stamps at the police office. police office do not sell stamps. stamps are not sold at the police office.  a police officer's job is to catch criminals.  the hotel has an exam service. the hotel does not give exams to guests. hotels do not provide exam preperation.  exams and hotels are not associated with each other.  the school has recently built a new supermarket. school does not build supermarket. a school is a place to learn so it has no need to build a supermarket.  "a supermarket isn't something a school would have any interest in building, as it is not education-related.". pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin. pitaya contains betaine which is red but not black. pitaya color is red. fruit doesn't have tentacles.  my salary is paid directly into my house. it is safer to transfer salary to bank than to house.  you cannot deposit salaries into a house. salary has to enter an account not a house. i decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water. water cannot be used to decorate food. you use water for other things. there is no such thing as a sprig of water. he left his street address so that we could send the e-mail to him. street address is not necessary for an e-mail. e mail cannot be sent to street address.  you can not look up how to email someone using their street address.  a farmer killed the snake with a leaf. leaves cannot kill snake. a leaf is not robust enough to be a weapon to slay a snake.  "you cant kill a snake with a leaf, the snake would kill you.". a best friend is someone who share air and water with you. "people share air and water with each other, it is not good enough to be best friend". air cannot be shared.  air is not shared as it is free to all.  your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils. people use pencils to write instead of getting along with them. pencils does not need any advice.  pencils don't have personalities and do not need to be gotten along with.  the naughty cloud pushed me into water. cloud cannot push people. clouds don't have hands to push. clouds cannot be naughty.  cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face. cake does not help people talk to each other. cakes are made for eating. cake cannot be used for people to talk to the world.  a hobby is pet you never get tired. hobby is a thing people like to do not a pet. a pet is not a hobby.  a pet is a living animal which a hobby is a craft or task with you do for fun.  "because of the heavy rain, there are traffic water everywhere". there is no such thing called traffic water. traffic water is not a thing.  the rain is the cause of water not the traffic. this job takes me six planets to finish. human cannot use a whole planet now. there is no job which reasonably would require planets to finish it.  planets are not a measure of time.  all lions are required to attend the meeting. lions do not attend meetings. lions do not attend meetings.  lions don't attend meetings.  it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster-hit area. people in the disaster-hit area do not need poison. it does not make sense. poison would kill those affected in the disaster. "because his car was damaged, he received rmb 1000 from electricity company". the electricity company will not pay you money if your car is damaged. the electricity company would not reimburse him for car damage. damaged cars aren't something that electricity companies deal with.  fishing is my favorite book. fishing is not a kind of book. fishing cannot be a book.  fishing describes an activity but a  book is an item and not an activity. we bring coal and oil up from under water. there is no coal and oil in water. if it is bring from under water it will be spoiled. oil and coal are not under the water. you can eat pork raw. it is not safe to eat pork raw.  if you eat pork raw you cant get sick. eating raw pork carries a very high risk of contracting food borne illness.  we can have the washing done at the gym. people do exercise in gym not washing clothes. there wouldn't be anywhere to wash the clothes. a gym does not have facilities for washing.  they had wine for the children. children are not allowed to drink wine. "alcoholic beverages, such as wine, are illegal and unethical to serve to anyone under 21.". children are too young to drink wine.  don't forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship. windows of the spaceship cannot be opened. spaceship does not have the windows.  it would probably not be possible to open the windows of a spaceship.  baby birds do not have strong arms to fly. arms cannot help animals fly. "birds do not have arms, they have wings.". "baby birds have wings, not arms.". a volcano was built near my house. human cannot build a volcano now.  "volcanos are naturally occurring, they aren't built.". no one can live near a volcano.  he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs. toilet does not serve eggs. toilets wont provide eggs.  toilet doesn't has eggs. the wind blows his train off. a man cannot wear train on his head. the wind isn't strong enough to blow his train off.  train cannot blow in the wind.  a plane is on his bed. a plane is too large to park on bed. a plane would not fit on a bed. an actual plane would not fit on a human's bed.  she opens her eyes and begins to sing. people do not use eyes to sing. eyes are not capable of singing. "you sing with your mouth not your eyes, you use them to see". she is going to the zoo to see boats. zoos does not show boats. zoo is not a place of seeing boat. zoo is an establishment that contains animals not boats. "if you swim in the river, you know that the water is salty". river water is not salty. "river water is fresh water, not salt water.". "rivers are not composed of salt water, they are freshwater.". fermented soybean is used in the washing process. soybean cannot help people wash clothes. soybean is used in the cooking process. fermented foods are not used for cleaning.  shops are closed every day. shops have to open otherwise they won't get income. shops will be open before close. "if shops are closed every day, people cannot buy anything.". several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers. dogs do not wear eyeglasses. dogs don't wear eyeglasses.  dogs cant read. i'm going to wash my phone tomorrow. phones will be broken if people wash them. water would destroy the phone. phone cannot wash.  he has an orange tree in his book. orange tree is too big to grow in a book. trees do not grow on books.  a literal orange tree would not fit inside of a book.  black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book. book does not have taste. a book cannot feel the taste.  you don't taste books.  jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library. people go to restaurant if they are hungry.  you don't have food on the library only books. libraries don't have food.  go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here. policeman does not work in hospital. a hospital is not where one locates a policeman.  hospitals do not have policemen. you have to tell the judge the joke. it is not allowed to tell jokes to the judge.  you don't tell jokes to a judge.  "you tell the judge the truth, not a joke.". he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves. there is not leaves on sculpture. leaves are not found in a sculpture.  "you would have to hide behind cover in order to hide sucessfully rather than, being out in the open.". john uses a car to go up and down. people use lift to go up and down not car. a coar cannot lift someone up.  cars don't fly. (yet). i find a spaceship in the soup. spaceship stays in the space not soup. spaceships do not fit into soup. spaceships do not fit in a soup. i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health. there is no proof that gamble is good for health. gambling is not known to improve health. gambling is not a healthy activity. "once a man stole her horse, she went to a doctor". doctor cannot catch the thief. doctors aren't used in the retrieval of horses or the enforcement of the law.  if someone stole your horse you would go to the police not the doctor. i can get that man's hat off his feet. people wear hat on their head not feet.  a man doesn't wear a hat on his feet. hats are not worn on feet.  he is driving along a river looking for a hotel. people cannot drive cars in water. you cannot drive in a river.  people do not drive on rivers.  i open the window and then i walk in the room. people enter the room from door not window. you don't walk into a room through a window.  window is not used to walk in the room.  "it happened that my father's friend was the manager of the hotel, so we could have better ships". hotel provides rooms not ships.  a hotel manager does not manage ships.  a hotel does not offer a ship as a product.  in the afternoon we went boating in the sky. boat runs in water not sky. there is no water for a boat in the sky.  boats can not fly.  he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive. people do not consider keeping eyes closed as alive. if you do that you pretend to be dead or sleeping. alive person will not close his eyes to pretends.  it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers. it is impossible for human to run 2 km in 10 seconds. two kilometers cannot be run in ten seconds.  people cannot run that fast. i got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer. staff in the restaurant is not called writer.  "you serve food on the restaurant, not books". restaurant does not has writer job. we saw cartoon characters like famous actors.  cartoon characters are different with actors. cartoon is an imagine character but actors is a human. cartoon characters are fictional.  drink more wine when you feel thirsty.  wine is not as good as water when you feel thirsty.  wine will not hydrate you effectively.  wine does not contain water and will not quench your thirst. on weekdays i get up at 6 a.m. and i have lunch at 7a.m.  7a.m is in the morning so it's not time for lunch.  7 a.m. is too early to have lunch. lunch cannot eat at 7 a.m.  i put a forkful of steak in my book. it is unhealthful to put steak in book. a book is not where someone puts a piece of steak.  steak is a form of sustenance meant to be ingested.  "do not waste more sea, we need to be more efficient". it is unlikely to waste sea.  "you cant waste sea, thats impossible". sea is too big  and cannot be wasted.  there is a pan in the pencil box. pan is too large to be put in a pencil box. a pencil box is not the place to store a pan.  pans do not fit in pencil boxes.  "of all the lamp, i like to eat salmon the most". salmon is a kind of fish not lamp. lamp cannot be eat.  salmon is not a type of lamp.  my pan and i dined on lobster. pan do not eat lobster. pans are inanimate objects and cannot eat food. pans are unable to eat. we used the branch of an old gun as a seat. guns do not have branches.  gun's don't have branches.  "gun is not a place to sit, consider to be a seat". "when a plane begins to take off or land, its passengers should fasten their seat chairs". passengers should fasten seat belts instead of chairs when a plane takes off or lands.  you cannot fasten a seat chair. seat chairs have already been fastened to the plane prior to takeoff and landing.  we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there. snake cannot jump in the waterfall. snake cannot jump. snakes can't swim. "'today we'll start a new lesson,' the cook said". cook does not teach lessons.  the job of a cook is to cook food.  cooks are not teachers so they don't do lessons.  i attached a note to my report with a paper knife. paper knife isn't used to hold the note and report together well. knives cannot attach paper.  you don't attched knifes to paper. we filled a bowl with fire before the movie. movie theatre do not sell fire.  bowls cannot contain fire.  fire cannot be used to fill things.  he cut his finger while sharpening a table. table does not need to be sharpened.  people don't sharpen tables.  there is no benefit to sharpening any part of a table.  sylvia fetched a towel from the book. towel is too large to be put in a book. a book is too small to hold a towel and a towel would not be kept on a book.  books are not used to store towels.  there are no air left on that flight. there must be air on flight otherwise people will die.  there is no way for all the air to be removed from a flight.  flights don't carry air.  the vase has broken into dollars.  vase cannot broke into dollars. dollars are not available in vase to broke.  vases are not made of dollars.  it's amazing to add peanut butter to hand. people do not eat their hands with peanut butter. hand is not edible.  you add peanut butter to bread or toast. two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings. policemen do not threaten people or stole things.  policemen will not stole the savings.  police are not the robbers. i buy popcorn and knife whenever i go to the cinema. cinema does not sell knife. popcorn doesn't go with knives.  "you are a serial killer if you do that, they don't sell knifes on the cinema". she feeds the baby with a table. people do not use table to feed baby.  a baby cannot eat a table.dinners. babies cannot be fed with a table.  he spooned instant basket into the mug. basket is too large for a mug. instant basket is not spoonable.  a basket is too big to be inserted into the mug.  "a green salad has only green vegetables, such as pork and cucumber". "pork is meat, not vegetables". pork is not a vegetable and is not green. pork is not a vegetable. nicholas ate a house of spaghetti. people cannot eat a house of food.  a house is not made of spaghetti.  a house is far larger than a person and it would not be plausible to eat that much of anything.  we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident. business rule has no link to traffic accident.  business rules do not dictate traffic safety codes. business and traffic aren't related.  tom picked his teeth with a brush. a brush cannot clean teeth.  brushes are not used to pick teeth. a brush is for brushing teeth. he couldn't sleep at morning after drinking tea. people sleep at night not morning. the morning is not usually when people are trying to fall asleep.  people do not typically sleep in the morning. "in the garden, the park of the tree had already fallen". park is a place and tree is a plant. tree is smaller than park. trees do not have a park that can fall.  they went into the cafe for exam. people do not have exams in the cafe. an exam does not take place in a cafe.  you don't do exams in a cafe.  "i feel cold, may i have a fridge?". a fridge only makes you feel cold. a fridge is used to make things cold.  "then you`ll get colder, thats what fridges are for". "i like to swim, especially in the plane". there is no space for people to swim on the plane. there is no water on a plane to swim in. in the plane there aren't swimming pool!. red wine is made from grass. people use grapes to make wine not grass. red wine is an alcoholic drink and grass does not contain alcohol. grass is not what's used to make red wine.  you can freeze the soup in the toilet. people do not keep their food in toilet. toilets are not cold enough to freeze soup. toilets are not cold enough to freeze soup.  "for exam, you can have apple pie". exam is about testing not having apple pie. apple pies is not associated with an exam.  an apple pie is not a standardized testing method. you can buy tomato plants at the hospital. hospital does not sell tomato plants. hospital is not a place to sell plants. hospitals do not sell tomato plants. the sea water is mainly composed of sugar. sea water is salty not sweet.  sea water has mineral of salt. sea water is not composed of sugar.  he stirred his coffee with a book. people do not use books to stir their coffee. the book would get wet. people don't use books to stir coffee.  "i'm allergic to seafood, so i cannot eat steak". "steak is a part of cow, it's not seafood". steak is not sea food.  steak is meat from a cow not seafood. i want coffee with garlic. people do not use garlic to make coffee. coffe does not pair well with coffee. people do not typically eat raw garlic. steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface. steam cannot convert to oxygen when touching a cold surface. oxygen is not a product of condensation.  condensation does not remove the hydrogen from the water molecule.  i sat on the plane and squashed it. the plane will not be squashed by human. planes are large sturdy creations not prone to squashing.  planes are far too large to squish by a human sitting on. water is high in fat and sugar. water does not contain fat and sugar. "water is the most important and healthy thing. its not high on fat and sugar, its not soda". water doesn't have any fat or sugar. "now mary is in china, and she swims in a hospital in shanghai". people do not swim in a hospital.  you don't swim in a hospital.  hospital is not a place to swim.  the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup. people do not keep soup in bathroom. food is not stored in the bathroom.  you don't store soup in bathroom cuppards. we use computer to clean our teeth. computer cannot make teeth clean. teeth cannot clean by the computer.  computer is not a cleaning material for teeth. marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast. soup cannot be sliced. coup cannot be eat.  soup is a liquid.  "he works five days each hour, from monday to friday". day is longer than hour.  sn hour does not consist of fie days. there are not days in an hour. i cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space. coconut cannot fall to space on earth. "due to the laws of gravity, if a coconut is cut from a tree it will descend from it's original location.". trees don't grow in space.  we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide. people cannot walk on the sun now.  it is impossible to make a walking tour on sun. the sun is too hot and far away for people to walk on. he lifts me to his liver. liver is inside human's body. the liver is an internal organ that can't be seen through a body.  your liver is inside of your body. try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil. people do not cook soup with bath oil. soup is not used for taking bath. "bath oil are for bathing, not eating". he picked up his train and blew off the steam. human is not strong enough to pick up a train. train does not has steam. a train is too heavy to be picked up.  pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands. oxygen mask is not large enough to cover both head and hands. you cannot breath through your hands.  "oxygen masks cover your face, not your mouth and hands, thats are gloves". i'm the cook of a live radio program. a radio program does not need a cook. on a radio program you don't cook. live radio programs don't have cooks.  the lamp gave out wind. the lamp gives out light not wind. a fan usually generates wind and a lamp generates light. "there is not an hole for which a lamp to output wind, it is used to lighten an area when it is dark.". remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes. bikini cannot protect your clothes. bikinis are typical worn as an outfit separate from clothes thus they don't protect clothes. a bikini will not protect your clothing.  i bought this book at the new butcher's shop. butcher's shop does not sell books. butcher's shops do not sell books. butcher shops don't sell books.  she took a fresh steak out of the vase. people do not put steak in the vase. "steak should not be kept in a vase, and if it is stored there it wouldn't be fresh.". vases are not used to store steak.  "he has to remove the stone from his shoe, or it will hurts his hands". people wear shoes on their feet not hands. if the stone is in his shoe it will not hurt his hands.  you don't wear shoes on your hands. i can put your house on my shoulder. people cannot put houses on their shoulder. a house can't be carried.  a shoulder cannot take the weight of a house.  the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy. butcher do not prescribe medicine. butcher's do not prescribe medicine and a puppy cannot be wormed.  butcher is not a person to prescribe a medicine to worm my puppy.  he is eating a huge volcano. human cannot eat a volcano. a volcano cannot be eaten.  volcano cannot be eat.  you need to take off your make-up with car. people do not use car to take off make-up. a car drives and in no way washes or wipes a substance off of another substance since it is comprised of fiberglass and a cloth type item is needed for cleaning.  cars cannot remove makeup. she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag. there is no such food called currant bag. currant bag cannot be eaten.  bags are not edible.  a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person. so far people cannot train snakes to be a guild. snakes are poor guide animals.  a snake cannot be trained.  you can get a drink out of a steak. steak cannot be made into drink. "you eat steak, you cant drink it". "a steak is a food stuff, separate from drink". i have the lunch in the radio with my classmates. people cannot have lunch in the radio. you cannot be physically inside a radio. a canteen is a popular place to eat as whereas a radio is an instrument to be heard.  he had a steak and a green bike. people cannot eat bike. bike will not be green in color.  this is not a food order. does he know he's got gasoline on his mouth?. people do not use gasoline to brush teeth. no one used gasoline as mouthwash. you don't use gasoline to clean your mouth. a person who is allergic to nuts can't eat meat. people who are allergic to nuts can eat meat. the person would not have an allergic reaction to meat. a person with allergic to nuts can eat meat.  the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later. it's not nurse's duty to do the garden. nurses do not do gardening. nurse is not a person to moan in the garden.  the banana tree has broad cupboards. banana trees do not have cupboards on it. trees don't have cupboards.  "banana trees have bananas, not cupboards". a knife absorbs water. knife does not absorb water. a knife is to cut things.  knifes don't absorb liquid. i did a body testing in my garage. there is no professional equipment for body testing in the garage. "you`re a serial killer, you don't do that to bodies". "you cannot test on a body, that would be murder". i need a toothbrush so that i can tidy my hair. using a toothbrush cannot tidy the hair. "a toothbrush is used for teeth, not hair.". a toothbrush is to clean teeth.  he got his winter jacket from the fridge. "the fridge is used to frozen, but not to hang clothes". fridges do not sell clothing. jackets are not stored in the fridge.  he stuck his gloves in his oven. people put gloves in the oven.  gloves don't belong in the oven. you`ll burn your gloves doing that. the car fit into our kitchen very well. the car cannot park inside the kitchen. cars don't belong in kitchens.  cars are too big to fit in a standard sized kitchen.  i love watching films so i usually go to the school. people go to school to learn not watching films. films are not screened in schools.  watching films is not a large part of usual school activities.  i have booked a table at the ocean. there is no table in the ocean. the ocean is not a restaurant. there are no tables in an ocean.  a magnet attracts plastic. magnet does not attracts plastic. plastic is non magnetic. plastic does not contain the elements needed to be magnetic.  the waiter offered him white wine with his disease. people do not drink wine when they are sick. diseases means illness of a people. disease is an illness that is not offered with wine.  the meat is roasting in the fridge. "the fridge is used to frozen food, but not to roast". there are no provisions for roasting in a fridge.  "a fridge is used for cooling, not roasting.". lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp. "lip balm is designed especially for lip , but not scalp". your lip balm would taste funny if you used it on your scalp too.  "that is pure insanity, you don't use that on your head". fruit dessert made of fish and pork. both fish and pork are not different kinds of fruit. fish and pork are not fruit.  fish and pork are meats not fruits. i had my hair cut in a barber' car. people do not cut their hair in a car. barber shop is not located in a car. barber car is not a place to cut the hair.  nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check-up. there isn't equipment for cat check-up in garage. cats are not checked in a garage.  "a garage specializes in cars, not cats.". my cleaner works on my taxes every year. cleaner clears the office not working on taxes. a cleaner isn't qualified to work on your taxes.  cleaners are not trained to do taxes. wade stuck the cigarette between his legs. no one sticks cigarettes between legs. you don't put cigarettes between your legs. you cant smoke a cigarette between your legs. each male will lay just one egg in april. male does not lay egg.  males do not lay eggs. male will not lay egg.  i come home from work at about 9 p.m. in the afternoon. 9 p.m. is in the evening not afternoon. thats night time dummy. 9 p.m. is in the evening.  the children help with the animals and give them some fire. animals are afraid of fire.  "you give food to animals, not fire, you must not harm them". fire  cannot be given to animals. someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine. wine does not have milk in it. wine has no relation whatsoever with milk in terms of composition.  milk and wine do not contain the same allergans.  "in bed, i rest my head on a soft plane". bed is too small for a plane. there is no such thing as a soft plane.  an airplane is too large for a bed and too hard to lay atop.  she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat. human cannot give birth to a cat. women cannot give birth to cats.  cat cannot be delivered from the woman.  they usually exchanged messages by happiness. happiness cannot exchange messages. happiness cannot transfer messages.  happiness is a feel. "let's call room service, i need a bottle of fire". fire cannot be contained in a bottle. fire is not possible to take through bottle. fire is not delivered in a bottle by room service.  grape and onion are white. there are no white grapes. white is not a color of grape and onion. "a grape can be red, purple, or green but cannot be white.". "everyone had his or her own spoon, which was used for cutting food". spoon cannot cut food. spoon doesn't used for cutting food. "spoons aren't used for cutting, knifes are.". she picked up the bowl and began to call maurice. bowl cannot be used to make a phone call. the sentence implies she is using the bowl to make a all and a  bowl isn't used to make a call. a phone is used to contact someone while a bowl is just a container.  we arrived at the airport and checked our livers. checking livers requires special equipment that cannot be found in airport. livers cannot be checked in the airport.  the most common place to check bags is at an airport versus going to the doctors to have your internals examined.  "when we make dumplings, usually we put a car in a dumpling". cars cannot be put into a dumpling. dumplings are not prepared by putting a car in them.  a car is not edible and is too large to be put into a dumpling.  i made a building for lunch. building cannot be eaten for lunch. you cant build a building that fast. a building cannot be eaten for lunch.  coffee and coconut are black. there is no black coconut. food is not black.  black coffee is a style of drink not the color. i feel sick. can i have some poison?. poison cannot cure disease.  poison is not used to sick.  poison doesn't not cure sickness.  put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes. water cannot roast food. water is not used to roast the onions.  "water is not inherently hot, so, by itself. it cannot roast an onion.". monkeys like to eat grass. monkeys do not eat grass. monkey does not eat grass.  grass is good for beauty. jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket. pocket is too small for train. "a train is a large, motorized vehicle used for transport.". a paper can easily fit into one's pant while a train is extremely large.  there is a sun in our classroom. classroom is too small for a sun. the sun cannot literally be inside a classroom.  the sun sits in space. a kite has come off my coat. people do not put kite on coat. a coat does not have a kite in it.  a kite wouldn't fit in a coat nor it is comoftable to hide there.  "we grow many different vegetables to eat: potatoes, pork, etc.". pork is meat not vegetables. pork is a meat from a farm animal.  pork is not a vegetable.  sweet food is good for our teeth. too much sweet food can cause tooth decay. sweets are damaging to human teeth.  sweet food has sugar which will give you cavities.  it's ran out of money so we have to change the battery. there is no money stored in the battery. changing the battery would not result in more money. money and battery power are not the same thing.  "i must go to the barber's this weekend, my coat is too long". barber cannot help shorten coat. a barber specializes in male grooming and nothing else.  barbers cannot not make coats shorter. put your liver in your schoolbag. people cannot remove their liver from their body to schoolbag. your liver is an internal organ and wouldn't be put into a schoolbag. you don't carry around your organs outside of your body.  "if your pet turtle gets sick, take him to the barber". barber cannot cure pets. barbers are not qualified to care for ill turtles.  "barbers cut human hair, and don't do anything with pets for their living.". surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating. the lotion can't clean hands well. a lotion does not disinfect hands for surgery.  lotion does not disinfect hands. i should hang up my clothes in the oven. clothes cannot be hanged in the oven. the oven is for cooking food not storage.  hanging your clothes in an oven would ocok them. he raised his hand as if to take off his car. people do not wear car. you don't wear a car and so you wouldn't take it off. "a car is a large vehicle, not an item of clothing". there are some gasoline if you're hungry. people do not have gasoline as food. gasoline is not edible.  if you drink gasoline you`ll die. a whale live in the sky. while cannot fly in the sky. "a whale live in the ocean, it needs water". whales cannot fly.  "don't drink too much water at night, or you won't be able to sleep". water cannot keep you awake. drinking water does not stop someone from sleeping well.  water is not detrimental to good sleep.  i was riding on the back of a friend's while. people cannot ride whiles. while is not a noun so it is not classed as as object an verb could be applied to. a while isn't a thing that can be ridden on.  i'm just making the sauce for the oxygen. oxygen cannot be made into sauce. sauce is used in making food not for the air we breathe.  oxygen does not need sauce.  "if a hair feels very loose, your dentist may recommend that it's taken out". dentist does not take hair out. the dentist is not taken loose hair. "dentists take care of your teeth, not hair.". the rock is rich in mineral wine. wine is made from grapes so rock does not have wine in it. wine does not have rock.  you can not extract wine from rocks.  he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane. the plane is too large to be put on the machine. a machine cannot accommodate a plane to be put inside.  plane cannot be used to drop the machine.  i use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork. schoolwork does not require any bullets. "bullets are used for firearms, not schoolwork.". bullets is not used for schoolwork.  the babysitter will look after my car when i go to work. looking after car is not the babysitter's duty. a babysitter does not know anything about cars.  hehehe they look children not cars. a patient will usually listen to the actor's advice. actors do not give advice to patients. an actor does not have any connection with the patient.  actors have no medical qualifications. "there are many kinds of novels, but my favorite is swimming". swimming is a sport not novel. "swimming is an activity, not a type of novel". swimming is not the title of a novel it is an activity. plants cannot grow without oil. oil is not necessary for plants to grow. oil is detrimental to plant growth.  plants does not need oil to grow. no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment. people do not do experiments in the library. library is not a place to do experiment.  experiments are not conducted in libraries.  mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer. computer programmer is a job not sport. computer programming isn't a sport.  the job a progammer is to code.  most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam. hotel websites do not provide answers to the exam. hotels is not a place to find answers for exam. hotels are not institutions of education. mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake. people do not have poison for meal. poison cannot be used to create a breakfast shake.  poison is injurious to health. let's have a snack at the nearest lab. lab is the place where people do experiments not having snacks. labs don't have snacks.  lab does not have snack.  zara has eaten up the whole car. people do not eat cars. a human cannot eat a car.  a cake is edible while a car is something to be driven.  he sealed the envelope and put on a pen. people stick stamps on the envelope instead of pen. envelope cannot be put on a pen.  a pen cannot be affixed to an envelope to be mailed.  for breakfast i had one thick slice of water. water cannot be sliced. water cannot be sliced.  water is a liquid that cannot be cut into slices.  she kept her army under the mattress. no one owns an army. an army is bigger then the mattress. mattress is not a place to keep the army.  pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it. paper is too thin to contain milk shake. "paper is not a drinking vessel, its purpose is different". paper will not hold milkshake.  the airplane soared into the sea. airplanes fly in the sky not sea. sea in not a place to be soared by the airplane.  airplanes don't fly in the ocean.  he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat. boat is too large to be stuck in human's throat. people don't eat boats.  a boat cannot fit in your throat. the airline had been screening pets on x-ray machines. pets are checked by human not x-ray machines in airport. you don't need to use x-ray on animals. the screening is done on the luggage of passengers.  he took a dog from the shelf. people put books on the shelf instead of dogs. dogs are not found on shelves.  dogs are not on shelfs. one trash can will be for rain. trash can contains rubbish not rain. trashcans are not for rain.  rain cannot be in one trash.  there is a train inside the entrance hall. train is too large for the entrance hall. the entrance hall is no place for a train.  trains don't fit in there. she wiped her nose with a shoe. people do not use shoes to wipe nose. shoe is not used to wipe the nose.  shoes are not used for wiping noses.  i have been working as a pet for five years. people are not pets. we cannot work as a pet.  pets cannot work.  i have to make the paper after i get up. people make bed not paper after getting up. papermaking is not an undertaking to be taken lightly.  you cannot make the paper.  milk from the mother's salary is a perfect food for the human baby. salary does not produce milk. milk comes from breasts not money. "salary is money, not food". she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond. "dinosaur has become extinct , so there is no dinosaur pond". dinosaur ponds don't exist.  dinosaur does not appear in the pond.  the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when i walked in. no one owns an army. "nobody owns a army, so to speak, so thats impossible". "nobody owns the army, they are part of the state.". it's odd that they didn't reply our smell. people reply letters not smell. smells cannot be replied.  a smell cannot be replied.  he had left his plane in his car. plane is too large to be put in the car. a plane will not fit in a car. plane is much bigger than the car.  tara spread some gasoline on her bread. people do not have bread with gasoline. "you don't drink or ingest gasoline, thats for cars and shit". gasoline is not a solid to be spread on a bread.  the tanker is stuck on the sea. tanker cannot be stuck in the sea. tankers cannot become stuck in water.  "the tanker floats on the sea, you cant stuck it there". the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water. there are lots of salt not sugar in the sea. sea water does not contain sugar.  sugar is not contained in seawater. he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down. people do not towel after they leave the library. a library is not a place where one would get wet.  library do not offer shower services and so getting wet is not a possibility. let's go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue. people have food instead of exams for the barbecue. you cannot buy an exam from a supermarket.  exam cannot be bought from the supermarket for barbecue.  two people play video games on a piano. people use piano to play music not video games. piano doesn't has video games. piano is not a device to play video games.  the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays. "dinosaur has become distinct, so it cannot be kept in the class". dinosaurs are dead unfortunately. dinosaurs are extinct.  i employ a cleaner to screen my calls. screening calls is a secretary's duty not cleaner's. cleaners clean rooms they do not screen calls. the job of a cleaner is to clean the floors.  the fish leaps from branch to branch. fish lives in water so they cannot leaps from branch to branch. fish live only in water. fish cannot leaps.  the jeep was found lying in thick butter. jeep is too large to be covered by butter. the jeep was found lying in thick bush. jeeps never encounter butter on the road.  doctors are treating him with the poison. doctors do not give patients poison. "if doctor intake poison, then doctor did not treating him". poison is toxic and would not treat an illness. i had to fetch water from the bed. there is no water in bed so people cannot fetch water from the bed. water is not kept in the bed.  water is not stored in the bed.  she washes her face clean with cold oil. people wash face with water instead of oil. oil would make her face dirtier. cold oil is not an effective facial cleanser.  there was a ring on each of his hair. ring is too large to be worn on hair. a ring cannot be put in a strand of hsir.  hair is too small and fragile to have a ring on it individually. i can walk with my nose. "nose cannot keep people balance while walking, so people use legs instead of nose to walk". a nose cannot be used for walking.  "noses are not capable of supporting the weight of a person, nor can your use them to walk". a bright moon hung in the sun. moon and sun are two distinct celestial bodies. there is no moon in the sun. the moon and the sun cannot co-exist in the same space.  she chased the thief for 100 planets. human cannot run for 100 planets. it is impossible to run even for one planet.  you cant get off the earth easily. the wind blow her hair back from her toe. hair grows on head not toe. toe doesn't have hair. toe does not have hair to blow.  the hotel has several tennis museums. there is no museums in hotel. a hotel doesn't not have museums.  museums are not available in the hotel.  i added a dollop of vanilla ice-cream to the poison for ben. people do not have ice-cream with poison. poison is toxic and should not be consumed. poison is not meant to be ingested by humans.  the planes flew through the ocean. the plane does not fly in the ocean. a plane can not fly through water.  "planes don't fly in the ocean, they crash.". the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries. no plants smell like batteries yet. batteries don't grow in flowerbeds.  there are no batteries in blowerbeds. please lift the box down from the moon for me. no one can get the box on the moon easily now. moon is not a place of putting things to lift it. you cannot reach the moon. jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams. writer writes books not exams. novels and short exams are not the same thing.  jake might be famous enough for me to write about.  sylvia fetched a towel from the sun. people cannot put a towel on the sun now. we cannot travel to the sun and the sun does not have towels.  the sun is not a place where anything can be stored or things fetched from.  she had an operation on her knee at the library. people have operation at the clinic not library. surgeries aren't do in libraries. they're done at hospitals.  a library has neither the equipment nor the personnel to handle a knee operation.  "stooping down, he picked up a big planet". "planet is bigger than human, so human cannot pick a planet up". no one picked up a big planet. "planets cannot be purchased, yet.". he went off to the train station after a blow to the face. "train station cannot offer help if you get a blow to the face, a hospital can". you cannot get medical attention at a train station. you wouldent go to a train station if you got hit in the face. his toes was full of biscuit. people cannot put biscuit in their toes. you don't eat with your toes. toes are flesh and cannot have biscuits in them. tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver. "liver is a part of body , so it is impossible to sunbathe and frolic in the liver". a liver is a human organ and nobody can take sun bath in it.  a liver is not a body of water.  the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans. beans are not meat so vegetarian can have beans. beans are vegetables.  "vegetarian do not eat animals, so beans she can eat.". we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground. ambulance takes people to hospital not playground. ambulances don't go to playgrounds.  "ambulances have only one route, to the patient and back to the hospital the return trip is always to a hospital". they had a barbecue on their toilet on sunday. people do not barbecue in toilets. toilet is not a place to have barbecue.  barbecue is not cooked on a toilet.  i went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out. "dentist can take tooth out, teachers cannot". teachers are not dental professionals. teachers do no perform dentistry.  "i ate a packet of milk shake, because it was very crispy". "shake is liquid mix with other ingredients, so it is not crispy". milk shake are liquid. milkshake cannot be eat.  he waded across the sea. the sea is too deep to wade across for human. the sea is too deep to wade across.  the sea is too deep and large to wade across.  ben flew a small car to cuba. "car cannot fly, plane can". cars cannot fly.  cars are unable to fly. he was putting up a new fence at his shelf. fence is too large to be put on shelf. a fence is usually too large for a shelf and a fence is not a part of a shelf.  "fences belong outdoors, not on shelves.". he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor. there are no cars in a pizza parlor. a pizza parlor is not the place where cars get washed.  pizza parlors don't have car washes.  "he sat by the sun, reading a novel". human cannot stay near the sun now. it does not make sense. you can not get close to the sun. massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better. people eat meat not using it to clean things. meat cannot clean a scalp. meat is for eating not cleaning.  she took a pen and bit into it. no one can bit a pen or eat it. pen cannot be bit.  a pen is not very easily bitten into and would be useless afterwards. radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack. radiation is bad for health. radiation is not a food it is a energy travelling through space.  "if you`re in chernobyl maybe, radiation kills you". we put the mountain in kennels when we go away. mountain is too large to be put in kennels. montains do not fit in a kennels. a mountain cannot be put into a kennel.  a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work. hairdresser does not need oil to work. hairdressers do not need oil in order to style someone's hair. oil is not necessary for a hairdresser.  i went to the hospital and had my hair curled. "hospital cannot help people to curl hair, hairdresser can". a hospital is a medical establishment focused only on peoples physical and mental health.  hospitals don't offer hair treatments.  i parked the plane in the backyard. the plane is too large to be parked in the backyard. plane cannot be parked in the backyard.  a plane does not park in a backyard.  the airplane lifted from the bird. airplane is too large to lift from the bird. "airplanes are usually located at airports, not on top of birds.". birds cannot support airplanes lifting off.  this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout. people go to gym to workout not museum. "in the museum you see art, not weights do pull". museum is not a place to do workout.  he sat with package on his lung. it is impossible to put a package on one's lung. it is impossible to keep the package on lungs. lung is a inner part of body. you should fly your kite against the water. kite flies in the sky not water. water is anti-thetical to kite flying.  water is not a place to fly your kite.  ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library. "there is no roller coaster in the library, the amusement park has roller coaster". libraries do not have roller coasters. a library is not the place to find a rollercoaster.  she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling. myopia glasses are not good protection against the strong light. myopia glasses would not protect the eyes from sun. myopia glasses do not protect you from the sun. she sat on a chair in the sky. people is unable to sit in the sky now. sky is not a place to sit. chairs have nothing to stand on in the sky. the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain. the chefs are not qualified to prescribe pills. chef's cannot prescribe pills.  a chef is not licensed to dispense medicine and could get in serious legal trouble.  we can have a picnic on the road. having a picnic on the road is very dangerous. it's not permitted to have picnic on the road. a picnic in the road is a very dangerous proposition.  i take a bath in the kitchen. there is no facilities for bath in the kitchen. kitchen for cooking food. a kitchen does not have bath facilities.  smoking can be a healthy habit. smoking is harmful to people's heart and lung. years of clinical research have shown smoking to be patently unhealthy.  smoking kills you.  our team felt so much disappointment after our victory. victory makes people feel proud. "the team would not feel disappointed, they would be happy because they won". after victory our team will not felt much disappointment.  "if no one answer the door, why not try breaking the back door?". breaking the back door is not helpful to find someone. breaking a door is not the way to go into a house.  it's not legal to break someone's door.  he really hates vegetables. give him some cabbage. cabbage is kind of vegetables. cabbage is also a vegetable. giving the person something you know they hate is not usually what people do.  the doctor said you should have greasy food these days. greasy food is not good for patients' health. doctors recommend you healthy food. "greasy food increases risk of cardiovascular disease, a doctor would not reccomend that.". it's good for the environment to walk on the grass. walking on the grass will affect the growth of grass. walking on the grass is not good for the environment.  walking on the grass is bad for the environment. the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water. the hot water can't make people feel cooler. drinking hot water in hot weather can be dangerous.  "when it is hot, you want to drink cold things.". we had better keep talking loudly in public. it may disturb other people to talk loudly in public. speaking loudly in public would create problems.  in order to have your conversation private it would be best to not talk very loudly in public.  he enjoys traveling all over the universe. the universe is too big to travel all over. there is not transportation yet to travel the universe.  "you should take everybody then, lets conquer space. sorry you cant leave earth". the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground. rice does not grow in the playground. there are no rice plants in playgrounds. you get in the rice on the playground. the great wall is about 6700 meters long in all. the great wall is much longer than 6700 meters. the great wall is much longer than 6700 meters. the great wall is much longer than 6700 meters. the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge. no one can be alive in the fridge. a fridge is not a place that can be lived in.  a beautiful princess would live in a castle not a fridge. "it's very cold in the room, you had better not take off your ring". not taking off your ring won't keep people warm. a ring doesn't affect your warmth so keeping it on or off isn't going to change things in a cold room. a ring won't keep you warm in a cold room.  we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves. the police officers' job is not to do the housework. police officers don't do housework.  police officers do not clean houses.  air and water are non-essentials for life. people can't live without air and water. you would die without air and water.  non-essentials for life is not air and water.  "she's asleep, we should keep noisy". noise will affect her sleeping. one cannot sleep in a noisy atmosphere.  if you are loud when someone is asleep you will wake them up.  he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving. babies stay in mothers' bellies but not legs. a baby is not found in legs.  you have to place your hand on the belly to feel a baby moving.  he swung in the cinema from tree to tree. there is no tree in the cinema for him to swing. there are no trees in the cinema. cinema is not a place to swung from tree to tree.  "she likes many different kinds of fruits, such as beef". beef is not a kind of fruits. fruits come from plants and beef comes from a cow.  beef is not a fruit. it's undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar. tigers and tortoises don't belong to the same family. "tigers are felines, tortoises are not.". tortoises not from cat family. the dentist cleans my ears. "the dentists' job is treat our teeth, not ears". dentist is a teeth specialist. "dentists specialize in teeth, not ears.". "please have a look at our chefs, if you want to order something". "we can order the food from looking at the menu, not the chefs". you can not see the chefs when you go to a restaurant.  the chefs will cook the food but are not the menu. conditioner is still the best way i know of cleaning my hair. "conditioner makes hair soft and shiny, but not clean". conditioner doesn't clean hair. conditioner is not used to clean the hair.  "when i got to canada, i want to go and see the famous statue of liberty". "the statue of liberty stands on an island in new york harbor, usa". the statue of liberty is not located in canada.  the statue of liberty is located in new york.  she lives in that house among the clouds. "at present, it's impossible for human to live among the clouds". houses do not exist in clouds.  houses can not be built in the clouds because you need to build on ground.  fire built up several houses in the area. fire will burnt down the houses but build up them. fire cannot be used to built houses.  fire cannot build houses.  we can exist without food. food is very necessary for human survival. humans will die without food.  food is essential to live.  she has a blue and green panda. "pandas are black and white, but not blue and green". panda's don't come in blue and green.  panda is only a black and white color. i always go to school by rocket. the school isn't far enough to go by rocket. people do not use rockets to get to school. rockets are not a normal form of transportation.  only 40% of 5-year-old children have access to pre-school job. children do not have jobs. 5-year-old children is impossible to access a pre-school job. 5-year olds don't work. this job will cost his spare blood. job does not cost people's blood. blood is not needed for a job.  all blood is considered essential so no one says they have spare blood.  she made a film when she was still a dog. a dog is unable to make a film. dogs are incapable of making films. dog is not a person to make a film.  the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant. people cannot stay inside elephant. one cannot go into an elephant.  "kids want to impress humans, not elepahnts". we encourage students to further their study in prison. students should not be in prison. students are typically encouraged to avoid prison.  students are not in prisons.  office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out. dragons do not exist on this world. dragons aren't real.  dragons aren't real and if they were they probably wouldn't work in offices.  the cook permitted tom to adopt the homeless orphan. "the cook's duty is to make meals, but not to permitted adoption". a cook does not have the authority to determine who can adopt an orphan.  cooks are not permitted to approve adoptions.  all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another. snake is not a vehicle. passengers do not ride on a snake.  passengers don't fit into snakes.  people can overcome disasters with cola. cola hasn't been scientifically proved to overcome disasters. cola cannot overcome the people disasters.  cola is ineffective at helping overcoming disasters.  stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body. stealing cannot ease the harm effect. stealing is always a harmful activity.  stealing techniques do not work on your body. those children may not the battle. children do not fight battle.  battle cannot be done with children.  that just not make any sense. children don't fight. the thief saw the child and ran away. "the thief was afraid of being arrested by police, not a child". thieves aren't afraid of children.  thiefs are not afraid of children. love is an episode in his dinner. love is a feeling not food. a dinner is not made of episodes.  dinner does not contain episodes.  reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges. the gap between rich and children is not the main challenge. the gap between rich and children is not an easily compared thing.  there is no such gsp between the children and the rich.  . you should keep you patients away from the medicine box. patients need medicine box. patients should not have access to the stock of medicine. patients know that medicine box. all luggage must be checked in the fridge. people do not put their luggage in the fridge. luggage is too big to be kept in a fridge.  "a fridge is used to store food, and having a fridge doesn't mean you need to store for travel.". the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge. people do not keep knowledge in the restaurant. "restaurants provide food, they are not educational institutions". a restaurant is not a unit of measure for knowledge.  i would like a cup of coffee with some oil. people do not have coffee with oil. coffee would taste bad with oil in it. oil is not used in a coffee. "in my opinion, the best way to get success is through hard rock". hard rock is not necessarily help people to get success. achieving success is not best done through hard rock.  hard rocks do not bring success. our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes. proposals does not have tastes. proposals doesn't has tastes. "proposals don't have tastes, so their tastes cannot be different.". i want some boiling mud to make tea. people use water not mud to make tea. tea is not made with boiling mud.  you don't add mud to tea.  do not drink the water in the summer. people need to drink water in summer. the summer cannot store water.  "then you`ll be dehydrated, you need to drink water in the summer". i went to sun soon after supper. human cannot reach the sun now. you can't go to the sun. "with the actually technology it's impossible reach the sun, it's too hot!". he recognized the old friend of his house. house does not have friends. houses do not have friends. a house does not have actual living friends.  the novel was written by a young dog. dog cannot write novels. dogs are not capable of writing. dogs are not able to write.  i saw a policeman steal into my room. policeman do not steal things. a policeman is a law enforcement agent and doesn't steal.  a policeman does not steal. the teacher let the children play on the desks. children do not play on desks. desk is not a place of playing childrens. it is dangerous to play on desks. we haven't found a substitute for his planet. no one owns planet. planet doesn't need substitute. "finding a substitute planet is a very difficult proposition, requiring many very specific conditions to be met to sustain life.". she teaches english in the fire in her spare time. "if someone is in the fire, he or she will be injured or dead". the fire would burn her. a location where a fire is taking place is not somewhere people go to teach others about english.  accidents happened because he didn't obey the sunshine. accidents will not happen if people do not obey the sunshine. sunshines has nothing to do with rules. sunshine is irrelevant to the cause of an accident. air pollution is an serious disease. "air pollution is not an disease, it is a environmental problem". air pollution causes disease it is not the disease itself. air pollution is not a disease. a proper battle does not occupy students' too much time. students go to school instead of joining the battle. students do not battle.  students generally don't make good soldiers.  it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study. students take time to study not blood. "blood is a finite resource, using it all results in death.". blood is not required for a study and can't be spent. it is not pleasant experience on young people's first day on moon. human cannot bring lots of people to the moon now. you cant go to the moon. people do not live on the moon. part-time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets. it is illegal for babies to do part-time job. babies are too young to have jobs.  babies cannot do part-time jobs.  it is believed that part-time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills. part-time job does not necessarily provide students with cars. cars do not help develop interpersonal skills. cars cannot develop interpersonal skills. millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation. starvation brings dangers not benefits. starvation does not have benefits for millions of people.  "starvation is very bad thing, so it does not give any benefits to anyone". education can be obtained at any age and at any cars. education is not usually obtained in cars. education is not available in the cars.  cars are not educational institutions.  education is the most important person of his life. education is not a person. education is not a human being.  education is not a person. people can live longer with the help of medical superstition. it is not proven that superstition can help people live longer. "there is no evidence behind most medical superstitions, only theory's.". medical supersition kills people.  people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities. computer skills will improve job opportunities not lower them. "now-a-days, computer skills only make a more job opportunities". computer skills are one of the most sought-after skills by employers. this knowledge may be less useful than trees think. trees do not think. trees are not conscious beings in the way humans are.  trees cannot think. this view is now being questioned by more and more tables. "tables do not ask questions, human does". tables is not a human to make a question. tables don't have feelings. the number of people who use magic is decreasing. human cannot use magic. magic is a trick. magic doesn't exist.  bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society. bicycles are not pets. bicycles are not pets.  bycibles are not pets. increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon. human cannot live on moon now. "there are no humans on the moon, so there`s no way to get pollution there". there is no human life on our moon.  plane cannot compare with train for speed. plane is faster than train. a plane is usually faster than a train. planes can compare with trains when it comes to speed.  the question is whether education is a lifetime problem. education is not a problem. education is never lifelong and is not considered a problem. education is not a lifetime pursuit.  students should be exposed to video games.  students are not encouraged to play video games. video games do not provide educational value. video games are not an educational pursuit.  the process of learning english is the process of building plane. building plane is different to learning english. "english is based upon knowledge, and building something physical has little influence on your understanding of it as a language.". building a plane can be done without learning english.  tears filled my mother's ears. tears come from eyes not ears. tears don't come from ears.  tears come from your eyes not ears. the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war. soldiers reunited with families not enemies. if they're enemies then they wouldn't be reuniting after having a conflict.  nobody unites with enemies.  the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years. human cannot build a planet now. humans are not able to contrust planets.  planet cannot be constructed within five years.  production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements. production should be scheduled not destroyed. "if production was destroyed, there would be no customers.". to meet customer requirements we cannot destroy the production.  seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown. people have not found any monsters. "monsters are typically a negative symbolic coping mechanism, which you would not see walking down the street to be able to remind you of anything.". monsters do not exist. the pictures remind me of my pet days. human cannot be pet. pet cannot be the days.  people do not have pet days because people do not act like pets for periods of their life.  science has brought about many supermen in our lives. "superman is not real, it is a character". "supermen cannot be created by science, only alien worlds.". there is no relationship between science and superman.  the dog lay dozing in front of the sun. no creatures can be alive in front of the sun. dogs don't go to space. the sun is many millions of miles away and so is not accessable to animals. we're planning a battle to italy this summer. people have trip to other countries not battle. a battle to italy would indicate war. planning a tour to italy is quite possible versus trying to set up a battle in europe.  we are divided in our toes. "people are divided in opinions, not toes". toes cannot be divided.  toes do not divide. tony speaks english and he plays germany. people speak germany not playing it. germany is a country. you don't play a country. one third of this area is covered with macaroni. "macaroni is made by human, so natural ground cannot be covered with it". large quantities of land are not typically covered in macaroni. this area cannot be covered in macaroni.  "he came out of the library, a large gun under his arm". there are books in library not guns. guns cannot be obtained from libraries. gun cannot be used in the library.  combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight. combining exercise with diet is good for health so it will not let people gain weight. weight gain is accomplished through heavy eating and minimal exercise.  "nope, its the opposite.". the dog drove the car to the park. dogs can't drive cars. dogs cannot drive cars.  dogs can not drive cars.  the pig flew to the top of the oak tree. pigs can't fly. pigs can not fly. "in our reality, pigs cannot yet fly.". the lobster ate the man. people aren't a food source for lobsters. lobsters are too small to eat humans.  lobster eat fish and molluscs.  the rabbit hid in it's shell. rabbits don't have shells. "rabbits have fur, not shells". a rabbit does not have shell. the fire kept the food cold. fire produces heat which will heat the food. fire keeps food hot. fire heats up food.  the doctor gave out homework. homework is given out in schools. "doctor's do not give out homework, they give out remedies.". it is not part of a doctor's job to give homework.  the boy put the shoe on his hand. you don't wear shoes on your hand. hands don't need shoes as they aren't used for walking.  shoes go on feet. the rock laid 12 eggs. rocks don't lay eggs. a rock isn't living therefor doesn't reproduce. a rock is a non living thing. the man cut down the tree with a fork. a fork does not have sharp blades. forks are used to spear food.  forks are not sharp. the barn was built out of water. water is not stable enough to build a barn. you can't build structures out of water.  water is not a building material. the boy went swimming in the lava. you can't swim in lava. lava is extremely hot liquid. lava is intensely hot and dangerous and the boy would sizzle immediately.  the girl got up early to milk the mouse. you can't milk a mouse. mice do not get milked like cows.  "mice have milk, but there is no way a person could milk them as they are too tiny.". the baby drove a car to the store. babies are too young to drive cars. babies don't have physical or cognitive skills to drive a car.  babies aren't able to drive. the baker baked his bread in the fridge. a fridge is too cold to bake bread. "the fridge cools things down, not heat them up.". a fridge keeps things cold and does not make bread. the bees made butter in their hive. butter is made from milk. bees don't make butter. butter is made with milk. the man flew across the ocean on a pelican. a man is too big to ride on a pelican. a pelican cannot lift a man. a pelican cannot carry a man.  the tree ran in the wind. the tree is attached to the ground. trees are rooted to the spot.  trees are stationary.  the cat licked it's wings until they were clean. wings are not part of a cat. cats don't have wings. cats certainly can't fly and wings aren't part of their anatomy.  the janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor. a bucket doesn't have bristels to sweep with. the bucket would be an ineffective sweeping tool.  "a bucket is used for holding water instead of sweeping, a bucket would not sweep anything up off the floor.". "if you want to eat, you should fly a kite". kites cannot provide food. kites are not food.  flying a kite doesn't give you food to eat.  a basketball is a type of gun. a basketball does not fire bullets. a basketball is not a gun. a gun is a weapon that is used to fire bullets and a basketball can't hold or fire bulletts.  people live on mars. mars' atmosphere doesn't allow for human life. mars isn't habitated by any life-form.  people do not live on mars.  wood is a gas. "wood is sold, gases are not solid". wood is solid. wood is a solid.  you look at a clock to tell the temperature. a thermometer gives you the temperature. the temperature won't be shown on a clock.  a clock does not tell temperature. baseballs are made of stone. baseballs are made of cow hide. stones are too heavy to play baseball.  baseballs are made of synthetic materials and not stone. she loves to watch movies at the local laundromat.  a laundromat does not have the equipment to show movies.  you go to laundromats to wash clothes.  laundromats are for washing clothes. i ate dinosaur for dinner. dinosaurs have been extinct for years so they can't be served for dinner.  dinosaurs are extinct.  dinosaur is not living today. a blanket is used to charge the device. a blanket cannot charge a device. blankets are used to cover people and keep them warm. "blankets don't contain electricity, or leads and plugs.". the sky is green is color. the sky can never be green in color. green is the color of grass and leaves. the sky is blue.  i used an ice cream to keep me warm. ice cream cannot keep anything warm. ice cream is a cold item. ice cream is very cold. use an eraser to shave. "eraser are used to erase, they have no use when it comes to shaving.". erasers are for paper not your face. eraser is used to erase writing. ink is used to wash hair. ink is used to colour an object not clean anything. ink would make your hair dirty. ink makes hair dirtier.  i used cement to stick the papers. cement is used to attach bricks to each other not papers. only glue is used to stick paper. cement is for buildings not paper. i poured some sand on my eye. pouring sand on the eye is pointless and dangerous. sand would hurt your eye. that would be a painful thing to do to yourself. the cat gives sunlight. cats can't emit any kind of light. cats do not emit light.  cats do not emit light. the plant has laptops on it. laptops are not found on a plant. a plant would not support holding a laptop. plant's can't support a laptop. water helps you dry off. water will not help in the drying process. if you have water on your skin you can't be dry. "water helps you get wet, not dry off.". put your shark on. sharks cannot be put on. sharks are not wearable items.  sharks are not an item of clothing. speakers can help you hear privately. speakers would broadcast the sound. speakers project sound throughout the whole room. speakers put sound out for everyone. biryani is an italian staple food. biryani is a food from india. biryani is a typical indian dish. biriyani is an indian staple food. cover the table with mount everest. mount everest is too big to be used as a table cover. mount everest cannot be moved.  mount everest is immovable and immense in size compared to a table.  we need a stick to play football. you can't play football with a stick. "the ball must be kicked with feet, not with sticks". football needs a ball not a stick.  a planet is needed to unlock the door. planet cannot be used as a key for any lock. door can be unlocked only with a key. a planet is a celestial body.  the bookstore is on the moon. there are no bookstores on the moon. we have not established a moon colony yet.  the moon has no bookstores. i used the dog to search for a review. "dogs are animals, they don't understand the notion of reviews.". a dog cannot be used as a search engine. dogs cannot speak nor use the internet.  al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend.  "a vegetarian will not eat meat, such as a steak.". vegetarians do not eat meat.  vegetarian's do not eat meat.  ed sneezed because he was embarassed.  being embarassed does not cause one to sneeze.  "sneezing is due to a tickle in the nose, not an emotion.". embarrassment dos not cause sneezing. red roses taste wonderful.  roses taste too bitter to eat.  roses are not edible.  "roses are flowers, there are not edible.". pesto sauce is red because it contains basil.  basil leaves are not red.  basil is usually green.  if pesto sauce contains basil then the outcome for it to be red is impossible.  paul was a classically-trained violin.  a person cannot train to be a violin.  man cannot be a violin. a person isn't a musical instrument.  holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance.  dancing is not taught in a calculus class.  calculus has no skills associated with dancing.  at lessons of calculus don't learn to dance. "i attended jane's funeral, and now i will attend jane's wedding.". no one can have a wedding if they've already had a funeral.  "if it's' the same jane, she can't be married after she is dead.". "if the funeral comes before the wedding, that means that jane is deceased.". the kimodo dragon landed on the flower.  kimodo dragons can't fly to flowers.  kimodo dragons do not fly and they are much larger than flowers.  kimodo dragon's are larger than flowers.  santa monica is a city in china.  santa monica isn't in china.  santa monica is not in china.  santa monica is a city in california. cats shave their paws to keep them clean.  cats aren't able to shave themselves.  "shaving paws would remove fur, not clean paws.". cats don't know how to operate a razor.  the six men were weijun's fathers.  no one can have six men as fathers.  there cannot be more than one father for a person. weijun can only have one father. i exchanged manny's birthday for a different one.  birthdays cannot be exchanged for different ones.  birthdays are on the same date every year. a birthday is a set date and cannot be changed. my cat likes to be eaten by bugs.  nothing likes to be eaten by bugs.  being eaten by bugs is a bad thing so the cat would obviously not like to be eaten.  "a cat would go crazy being bitten, let alone eaten, by bugs.". ballet found allison to be very difficult.  ballet does not judge things to be difficult.  ballet is a type of dance.  "ballet is a type of dance, not a person.". you should bring your own store to the grocery bags.  grocery stores cannot be easily moved around.  "you take the bags to the store, not the store to the bags". moving a store is impossible.  it is difficult to write with a broken toe.  toes are not involved in writing.  one does not write with toes.  "you write with your hands, not with your feet.". my cat likes people except for dogs.  dogs cannot be people.  dogs are not people.  dogs are not people.  don't put diesel fuel into a diesel engine.  diesel engines need diesel fuel to run.  you should only use diesel fuel in a diesel engine.  diesel fuel powers a diesel engine. "there is only one mary, and that is mary's mother.". mary may not be her own mother.  "there are two mary's mentioned, so its not possible there is just one.". mary and her mother are both named mary.  tie-dyed teenagers wear t-shirts.  teenagers cannot be tie-dyed.  teenagers are not clothes to be died. teenagers can't be tie-dyed.  bananas like monkeys more than baboons.  bananas can't like monkeys or baboons.  banana is a non living thing. bananas do not like at all as they are inanimate. the landlord rented the rental from the renter.  the renter rented the rental from the landlord.  the landlord is the owner of the rental.  renters don't rent properties to their landlord. a mouse wearing mickey mouse ears is no longer a mouse.  "a mouse is a mouse, with mickey mouse ears,.or without.". "it doesn't matter what a mouse has on, it is genetically still a mouse.". a mouse cannot wear mickey mouse ears. the ball had a ball at the ball.  "a ball can have a bell, but not a ball.". the ball is a non living thing. a ball is an object and cannot have fun.  "for breakfast, i like to eat a boiled shoe on toast.". shoes are not good to eat for breakfast.  shoes are not food.  shes are no edible. dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public.  there usually aren't kitchen tables in public places.  dogs are usually kept on leashes. kitchen tables are not for dogs. everyone should get stung by a bee every day.  there is no benefit to getting stung by a bee.  bee stings are painful and dangerous. no one should be stung by a bee on purpose.  my dad likes to drive while he plays guitar.  my dad only has two hands.  you cannot drive and play guitar at the same time.  you cannot drive and play the guitar at the same time. "a year after my brother turned 40, he turned 21.". "every year, my brother gets one year older.". the number 21 comes after 20. he would turn 41. "the more you eat, the smarter you get.". eating does not make you smarter.  "eating doesn't feed smartness into your brain, it makes you fat.". eating has no correlation with gaining knowledge. "alexis spends one hour a day in the bath, to make her skin tan.". "a bath will make your skin clean, but not tan.". "bathwater can't make your skin tan, only sun can.". the bath makes you wet. "alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun, to make her skin tan.". 24 hours a day in the sun will make your skin burn.  part of these 24 hours a day are actually night when there is no sunlight.  the sun only shines during the day.  my mother's lips are blue without lipstick.  blue is not a natural color for healthy lips.  a human's lips are not blue.  only people who are dead have blue lips.  "my mother's eyes are gray, unless she dies them brown.". you can't dye your eyes a different color.  eyes do not die a color. "eyes cannot be dyed, only have contacts placed on them.". we have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard.  there are no dinosaurs alive today.  dinosaurs are extinct so the statement doesn't make sense unless they're plastic or toy dinosaurs.  dinosaurs are extinct.  bears' fur is pink because they eat pink food.  "bears' fur is never pink, no matter what they eat.". "animals are not literally what they eat, or the color they eat.". bear does not eat pink food. "to make my car stop, i squeeze the brakes on the handlebars.". cars do not have handlebars.  the brakes in cars are on the pavement under the steering. car has brake on footbar. "if a car hits a pedestrian, the pedestrian might get warts.". "warts are caused by viruses, not by getting hit by cars.". pedestrian will get hurt if hit by a car. warts are not caused by impacts with objects.  "my family has four members: my mom, my dad, and me.". "my mom, my dad, and me are three people.". "if you are an only child with two parents, you have three members in your family.". there are three members of the family.  the sun can shine in the day or in the night.  the sun only shines during the day.  the moon is out at night and not the sun.  the sun is not out at night. "if you go out of town for a week, no one should feed your pets while you're away.". "pets need to be fed every day, whether you're home or away.". your pets need food or the will starve. if pets are not fed they may die. my sister and i can wear each others' noses.  noses can not be shared between sisters.  noses are part of the person's body.  your nose belongs to you. i often wear a blue car on my head.  a car is too heavy to put on your head.  cars are too heavy to wear.  a car cannot be worn as a hat. my brother took miranda out on a date to the planet neptune.  neptune is much too far away to go on a date.  interplanetary travel to neptune isn't possible even for astronauts.  it is currently impossible to travel to neptune. only insect mothers can make milk for their babies.  insects cannot make milk at all.  insects cannot make milk. "insects aren't mammals, so make no milk.". my dad has short curly brown eyeballs.  eyeballs cannot be short or curly.  "eyeballs are spherical, not curly like hair.". eyeballs are smooth and round.  the day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day.  it is impossible to have a new baby brother born every day.  "when a person is born, it always is a memorable day and cannot be the same as every other day.". birth of a sibling is a unique occasion.  "if you don't eat anything all day, that is called eating fast.". "if you don't eat at all, then you are not eating fast.". "if you're not eating anything at all all day, then you are not eating fast". eating fast means taking the food faster. "if you're invited to meet the queen, you are expected to dress sloppily.". dressing sloppily is not a sign of respect.  the queen is socially elevated and wearing sloppy clothes would be a sign of disrespect.  dressign sloppily is disrespectful to the queen. . all baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies.  mummies that are bunnies only have babies that are bunnies.  "the animals produce or are produced by their own kind, not a different kind of animal.". a mummy is not a baby zebra. there are no cities on the continent of europe.  paris and rome are cities in europe.  there are cities on the european continent. europe continent has cities. some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year.  "lizards do not have wings, and cannot fly.". lizard does not have wings. lizards do not have wings.  "if you enjoyed college as an adult, you might want to attend school as a child.". "if you are already an adult, you won't become a child later.". adults are prohibited from attending school as students.  adulthood comes after childhood.  it is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out.  the teeth in an adult's mouth should be permanent.  adults teeth only fall out if the adults are ill. as an adult if your teeth fall out it is a very bad sign and indicates abnormal oral health.  "on a freezing day, a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water.". ice will not turn into water unless heat is applied.  water turns to ice in freezing weather.  "for ice to become water it must be heated, on a cold day it can not heat up.". "tomorrow cannot be changed, because it already happened.". "tomorrow is the future, and has not happened yet.". tomorrow is in the future and can be changed. tomorrow is in the future.  "linda is six years older than her grandmother, flora.". a grandmother cannot be younger than her granddaughter.  flora is her niece not her granmother. linda can't be older than her own grandmother.  daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather.  you don't inherit any genes from your stepfather.  daniel isn't related biologically to his step-father.  daniel's step father has no genetic relation to daniel.  my uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat. . baseball bats are designed to hit only baseballs and softballs.  baseball bat is used to hit only baseball. it is extremely rare to hit a golf ball accurate with a baseball bat.  there's not enough water in outer space for us to breathe.  "if you breathe in water, you will choke.". people breathe air. we breathe oxygen.  "to become a cheerleader, you need to be good at math.". "math is a cerebral skill, whereas cheerleading is more physical.". "there are a few characteristics helpful to be a cheerleader, but being good at maths isn't one of them.". cheerleading does not use math. mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves.  pets move around too much to be stacked on shelves.  pets are kept in cages or free.  pets are not stored on shelves like items. "unfortunately, rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago.". i've seen plenty of rabbits in the last few years.  rabbits are not extinct.  rabbits still exist to this day. i've never seen a chicken with legs before.  "my uncle's chickens like to run around, all day long.". "virtually all chickens have legs, ergo one cannot see a chicken without legs.". "all chickens have legs, while they are alive at least.". "it's pretty hard to go to the opera, and not get sandy.". operas are almost always performed inside posh places.  there is no sand at the opera.  opera is a drama. "my aunt's pumpkin was so ordinary, it won an award.". awards are given out for pumpkins that are far from ordinary.  ordinary things do not win awards. awards are not awarded for average things.  the unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay.  people who are unconcerned about students are usually not teachers.  an unconcerned person would not care about another person's wellbeing. the teacher isn't bothered and wouldn't bother asking the student if she felt okay.  the wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth.  foolish advise is unlikely to come from wise old men.  a wise person usuall gives good advices. a wise man would give wise advice. you would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool.  my aunt says a bathing suit is required if you want to go in the swimming pool.  bathing suit is the correct dress in a swimming pool. bathing suits are the correct clothes to wear in the water. . the cold pizza burned the boy's mouth.  cold things do not cause burns. pizza would need to be hot to burn. cold items only freeze the mouth. no one can speak more than one language.  my friend peter speaks italian and greek.  people speak multiple languages. languages are learnable with patience.  the baby started to cry because she couldn't see her motorcycle.  motorcycles are only owned by adults.  a baby does not know what is motorcycle. babys do not care about motorcycles. lenny wished his head didn't have to go everywhere with him.  your head is attached to the rest of your body.  his head is attached to his body and has to go everywhere. your head has to stay attached to your body. the other kids made fun of john because of his name.  i think that john is an extremely common name.  john is a typical name and people do not make fun of typical names.  john is a very common name  and most likely wouldn't be made fun of. kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim.  you can't swim if you're never around water.  if you lived on an island you would more than likely know how to swim. kids who live on islands are surrounded by water to swim in.  the mama cat was so proud of her puppies.  puppies have mamas who are dogs.  cat's have kittens. dogs have puppies. cats have kittens not puppies.  "if someone asks you a question you don't know, just say ""i'm a potato.""". telling someone you're a potato won't be helpful to anyone.  it is not possible for a person to be a potato.  potato is not a measure of intelligence. "the woman named her daughters david, fred, and paul.". daughters are usually given feminine names.  "david, fred, and paul are masculine names". "david, fred, and paul are guy names". my mother served us chicken ice cream.  chicken-flavored ice cream is not widely available.  chicken is savory and is not a good taste for ice cream. ice cream is not made with chicken. "if my brother wins the bet, i will order him to do all my chores.". the person who wins the bet is the person who gives the orders.  losing a bet will not earn you anything.  "winning a bet means you get a positive, not negative, reward.". "my baby was allergic to my cat, so i decided to give the baby away.". most parents would never give their babies away.  giving a baby away is illegal. a baby is different from a cat.  "if you are truthful with me, i'd be foolish to trust you.". people who are truthful are people you can trust.  trusting truthful persons is not a foolish thing. it is wise to trust truthful people.  not everyone who's from canada breathes.  everyone in every country breathes every day.  "everyone who is alive breathes, even canadians.". all people have to breathe. "some monkeys have eyes, and others do not.". "all monkeys are primates, and all primates have eyes.". all monkeys have eyes. all mammals have eyes.  wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest.  you can have a wheelbarrow race without any bikes present.  bikes are not allowed in wheelbarrow races.  bycycles are not used in wheelbarrow races.  once i went an entire day without breathing.  people can't survive an hour without breathing.  "you have to breathe in order to live, and the record is like 12 mins, not an entire day.". it is impossible not to breathe for longer than a few minutes. "one of the ""c""s in ""calculus"" does not get pronounced.". """calculus"" has two ""c""s and two ""c"" sounds.". all letters are pronounced in calculus. the c in front a u is always has a hard pronunciation .  most people in japan have experienced a heart attack.  heart attacks rarely occur in people under 60.  heart attacks are not that common in japan.  there is no valid reason in this statement as to why most people in japan are experiencing heart attacks.  "if you want to see penguins in the wild, you should go to africa.". the penguins in africa all live in zoos.  penguins do not live in africa. africa doesn't have penguin populations.  the young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school.  people enrolled in kindergarten are between four and six years old.  kindergarten is for tiny children.  after kindergarten go to school. i have the same number of fingers and necks.  no one has more than one neck.  "typically, you only have one neck and 10 fingers.". people only have one neck and multiple fingers. of course the son was older than his own father.  no son can exceed his own father in age.  "fathers are older than their sons, not vice versa.". a father's son was born after the father.  "my sister thinks her favorite color is red, but she is wrong.". you can't be wrong about your own favorite color.  one knows very well about their favourite colour.  one cannot think wrong about themself. my sister ate the box of chocolates.  the box of chocolates is not edible.  box is not an eating item. eating an entire box of chocolates will give her a stomachache. i trapped a firefly with my mouth. the firefly is not trapped with mouth. mouths are used for eating and drinking. a firefly is a bug and they don't belong in your mouth. i rode the motorcycle off a lion. the motorcycle does not jump off from a lion. you can't ride a motorcycle on a lion because the lion would not be able to support the weight of the bike.  "a motorcycle wouldn't fit on a lion, and would probably crush it.". the lion petted the deer on the head. the lion does not pet deers.  lions are enemies of deer because lions eat dear.  "lions do not pet, they only bite.". you can find penguins in the arctic circle.  the only penguins that live north of the equator live on the galapagos islands.  penguins live in the antarctic. penguins don't live in the arctic circle.  the forest is comprised of thousands of weeds.  forests are defined by and made up of trees and not weeds.  weeds are not what make up a forest.  "forests are made up of and defined by trees, not weeds.". he went fishing for silverfish.  silverfish are insects and not fish that can be fished for.  silverfish are land insects.  silverfish are bugs that do not live in the water.  the apples were killed in the basket. apples cannot die. "apples are not alive, and therefore would not die anywhere.". apples cannot be killed since they are not alive. the zebra texted the lion. zebras and lions don't text. wild african animals don't own and can't use phones.  a zebra does not use a device. it's important to do laundry to get good grades. doing laundry won't help you study. "do the laundry, and don't study and you most certainly won't get good grades.". you are not graded for doing the laundry.  the barber trimmed his lips with scissors. lips don't need to be trimmed. barber trims only hair. "using scissors on lips would be dangerous and bloody, and lips don't need trimming.". he poured cake into a cup. cake isn't a liquid. cake is solid and typically much larger than a cup.  you don't pour cake. she listened to the water because she was thirsty. listening to water doesn't quench thirst. you drink water when you are thirsty not listen to it.  water is a nonliving thing. "when people cry, tears come out of their ears". there are no tear ducts in ears. ears does not secrete tears. tears are secreted from the eyes.  bread is a beverage usually served hot. beverages are liquid and bread is not. "bread is a food, not a drink.". bread is eaten and not drunk. monkeys go swimming to get bananas. bananas don't grow in water. bananas grow in trees.  bananas grow in trees. kim is dating the garbage.  people don't have relationships with garbage.  garbage is a non living thing. garbage is not a person to date. bubbles are a kind of nut.  bubbles are not food.  bubbles are made of soap water. "bubbles are soap filled with air, not any kind of nut.". the man read a chapter of his coffee.  coffee doesn't contain words in it.  "chapter is a drink, not a book.". coffee cannot be read. the man hunted doorknobs in the spring.  doorknobs are inanimate objects.  doorknob is a non living thing. doorknobs are not related to spring. the floor wanted to keep its approval rating up.  floors aren't capable of thoughts or desires.  "floors aren't sentient, they are non-living objects.". floors are not sentient beings. they are inanimate. my sister runs around the sun every day.  the sun is too hot and too far away to get to.  "the sun is too far away to reach, too large to run around and too hot to even get close to without evaporating.". it is impossible to walk to the sun. the man thought the task was too spicy.  a task is a concept and has no flavor.  tasks has no taste spicy or otherwise unless the task is to eat food.  tasks are done and not tasted.  we humans live on mars. mars lacks the conditions for human survival. humans cannot live on mars because the atmosphere doesn't have oxygen.  no one lives on mars.  he added vinegar to his coffee. vinegar makes coffee too sour to drink. vinegar would ruin coffee.  vinegar is acidic in taste. she wants to eat some food because she is full. people always don't eat food when they are full. "if she is full, she will not want to eat.". you should stop eating if you are full.  junk food can make people slimmer. junk food is high caloric. healthy food makes people slimmer.  junk food has ingredients that are not healthy. i sleep on the table every night. the table is not for sleeping. tables are used for eating and working not sleeping. table is not a place for sleep. i opened the window when it rained. the rain wet the room through the open window. opening the window would allow the rain water to get into the house and perhaps damage it.  rain would get in through the window. jack takes his spaceship to work. spaceship is the special transportation that flies into space. nobody has a spaceship.  "since people do not work in space, jack cannot get to work in a spaceship.". it is so hot that he puts on his coat. putting on his coat usually makes he feel hotter. wearing clothes retains heat. "if it's hot, a coat would make you hotter.". you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable. the cook cannot examine an uncomfortable person. a cook can't help you if you're sick.  a cook is not qualified to treat someone medically.  the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with. fighting cannot solve the mental issues. "mental issues occur by some problems, so they need to talk someone not to fight". fighting with people does not help with mental disorders.  i go to the police station to see a music drama. police station is not a place to see a music drama. police stations are headquarters for law enforcement and don't put on stage productions.  they don't put on musicals at the police station.  people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen. the ink marks on the clothes are difficult to wash off. it would ruin their clothes.  clothing is worn to cover the body. the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight. more sweets and snacks with higher calorie make people gain weight. eating sweets and snacks makes you gain weight. sweets and snacks make people gain weight.  monkeys hang out on the sea. monkeys can't swim in the sea. monkeys do not live in water.  monkeys are a land animal.  i have compassion for someone that i respect. people rarely have compassion for someone that i respect. a person that is respected is usually revered and not pitied upon.  respecting someone does not always mean that you are compassionate towards them.  "other than water, sugar is the main ingredient in book". "book is made up of paper, not water and sugar". sugar is not a part of book. books are made from paper. i could go to the antarctic and find an apple tree there. there are no apple trees in the antarctic. trees don't grow in the antarctic.  antarctic is unfit for plants. helping others makes john feel shameful. people always feel happy after helping others. helping brings people pride. helping people makes people happy and not ashamed.  he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner. visiting the neighbor is not in the preparation steps of cooking dinner. his neighbor wouldn't affect when he is able to cook his dinner. he cannot buy groceries from his neighbor.  the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school. going to school is not a step in farming process. "going to school is not the final step for a farmer, it is generally the first.". farmer cuts or harvest the crops after complete growth of the fruits and vegetables.  the school serves liquor. "the school is a place for teaching, not for liquor". students are under the legal drinking age. liquor is prohibited in most schools.  a cat usually can fit into a pop-top can. a pop-top can is too small for a cat to fit into. cats are bigger than a can. a pop-top can is much smaller than a cat. a swamp is likely to contain a large village. a swamp is usually not suitable for human habitation. "swamps are full of water, which is bad for buildings". a swamp can't support buildings. a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl. "a bowl is usually for food, not for the clothes". a bowl cannot hold a travelers clothes. clothes aren't normally kept in a bowl.  jack is swimming in the playground. no one can swim in the playground. playground is not a place where we cannot swim.  there is no pool to swim in at a playground.  mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk. the sun falls at dusk. the sunset is at dusk and sunrise is at dawn.  dusk happens at evening when the sun sets.  he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane. the planes don't take off in the supermarket. planes don't fly out of supermarkets.  planes leave from airports. he plays fifa on his shirt. no one can plays fifa on clothes. a shirt cannot be played on. you can't play games on your shirt.  she met a penguin in the arctic. penguins don't live in the arctic. there are no penguins on the artic. penguins live in the antarctic.  my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt. boys always don't wear skirts. "boys do not wear skirts, those are for girls". men don't wear skirts.  it is always raining in a desert. it seldom rains in a desert. deserts get very little rain.  deserts are very dry places where it hardly ever rains.  he uses his hat to read a book. it's useless to read books with hats. a hat is something that goes on your head.  his hat would block his vision.  peter caught a mouse in the sea. there are no mice in the sea. mice do not live in the sea.  there aren't any mice in the sea. pear trees drop their fruit to the sky. gravity makes objects fall from the top down. gravity would pull the fruits down.  gravity is involved when pears fall from the tree. i learned to play the piano at football class. the teacher at football class doesn't teach people to play the piano. "football is an athletic endeavor, not a musical one.". "in the football class, we cannot play the piano". "while the parents are shopping, their child likes to go to hospital". most children don't like to go to hospital. hospital is not a place where the children does not likes to go.  children do not go to the hospital for fun.  he usually plays basketball with his feet. no one plays basketball by feet. feet is not a thing to play basketball.  using you feet to handle a baskeball is against the rules.  tigers like eating grass. the tigers never eat grass. tigers are carnivorous.  tigers eat meat and not grass.  a bird swims in the water. the birds can't swim. most birds don't swim.  birds generally do not swim.  she was born on september 31th. september only has 30 days. september month has only 30 days.  september has 30 days. dogs catch and eat rats. dogs rarely catch and eat rats. dogs do not eat rats.  dogs are more interested in chasing cats than rats.  i sleep 25 hours a day. a day only has 24 hours. a day does not have 25 hours.  there are 24 hours in a day. he was happy when he lost his lover. losing lovers rarely makes people happy. losing a lover would make someone sad.  losing his lover is sad. he gets a bad dream when he is awake. people don't dream when they are awake. you don't dream when you're awake.  "dreams usually happen when people are asleep, not awake.". tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall. human can't cross a concrete wall. because he must use toilet.  concrete wall strong and hard. playing is necessary for people. people won't die if they don't play. people do not need to play.  playing is only an entertainment for people.  peter makes a law after getting up every day. a law should be made via many people's deep consideration and debate. laws take a long time to make. "you don't make a law that easily, just in brazil". my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years. no one takes a vote every time once he has a meal. you wouldn't be voting when sick unless its election day.  a vote cannot be consumed and it cannot cure any illness.  dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried. waking up early in good weather is nothing to worry about. refreshing is not a bad thing to worry. refreshing weather is usually not dangerous and there causes no worry.  the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours. chatting with friends usually makes the lonely person happy. chatting with friends usually improves the mood. chatting with friends for hours will not make man feel lonely.  tom went to the office to see live entertainment. "an office is a place of work, not of entertainment". the office is for working not for recreation.  "an office is for working, not entertainment.". "the man was showing off a wristwatch, he was trying to donate it for drug money". the person who donate something always didn't get money. people don't donate things for drugs. if the man donated his wristwatch he would not have money for drugs.  mary is constantly making up to make her ugly. making up constantly doesn't usually make people ugly. "people wear makeup to look better, not worse.". "making up is used to make someone more beautiful, which is the opposite of ugly.". the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet. a down jacket is unable to stop a bullet. down jackets are designed to keep the wearer warm.  "a jacket does not protect from bullets, it is made of cloth, not metal.". sleeping helps one to go forward. no one can go forward by sleeping. sleeping doesn't help one develop intellectually. "when a person is sleeping they aren't conscious and, therefore, they are not learning anything.". debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar. the internet bar is not a place to grow plants. plants do not belong in internet bar. a ficus wouldn't grow well in an internet bar. my cat really likes being bathed. cats are usually afraid of water. cats do not like baths.  cats do not like water.  the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk. paper clips are not usually kept in a water bottle. "water bottles are typically filled with water, not paperclips.". paper clips are not stored in water bottles.  being nervous is the opposite of being dead. there is no opposition between nervousness and death. "being nervous is the opposite of being calm, not dead.". opposites have to be diametrically opposed.  a pig is flying in the sky. a pig can not fly in the sky. pigs only move on land.  pigs don't have wings and can't fly.  pandas like eating bomb. bombs is dangerous and pandas don't eat them. pandas eat bamboo and cannot eat a bomb.  bombs are not food. jason plays computer games with his lovely dog. dogs can hardly play computer games in most cases. a dog is not intelligent enough to play computer games.  dogs can't play computer games.  "because he could not finish the assignment, his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher". his girlfriend is not responsible for his academic assignment. a teacher wouldn't call someone's girlfriend to complain about not finishing homework.  it's not his girlfriend's problem.  "alex is admitted by mit, which makes his mother very depressed". parents are always happy to see their children to be admitted by outstanding university. it's an honor to be accepted by the prestigious school mit.  mit is the highest rated technical university in the u.s. and therefor alex's mother cannot be depressed by his acceptance to mit.  i worked 31 days in february this year. february has no more than 29 days. there not 31 days in february.  february only has 27 or 30 days.  i saw a tree walking yesterday. trees can't move itself. tree does not walk.  plants can not walk. the moon is square tonight. the moon can't be square. the moon is round and not square.  the moon is not square.  lilly barbecues fish in the water. fire can't exist in the water. the barbecue won't work in the water.  you cant make a fire on the water. i eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin. no one eat lunch from a dustbin. a dustbin is usually for trash rather than food.  "dinner would be eaten from a plate, not a dustbin.". i usually read books in the night with light off. no one can read books in the darkness. it's hard to read in the dark.  if the lights are off you wouldn't be able to see the words. i'm searching a chinese word in an english dictionary. an english dictionary doesn't has any chinese word. english dictionaries only list definitions for english words.  english dictionaries contain words in english and latin. i wear my right shoe on my left feet. my right shoe doesn't fit my left feet. the right shoe is not made to fit the left foot.  right shoe does not fit on left foot. i listen to music with my eyes. my eyes can't hear any voice. "our eyes see, ears hear.". "the function of eyes is to see, not to hear.". i opened my house's door by my car's key. my car's key doesn't fit too my house's door. car keys cannot open a house door. house and car keys have different shapes and will not work in the same lock.  i drink salt water when i'm thirsty. salt water will make me more thirsty. salt would dehydrate you. salt makes our body thirsty. i wear a coat when i'm hot. wearing a coat makes me feel hotter. you usually wear a coat when it's cold and wear shorts and a t-shirt when it's hot.  you feel very hot when you wear a coat.  trees usually fall leaves in spring. trees usually get new leaves in spring. autumn is the season when leaves fall off trees and not spring.  leaves grow in the spring. i see the sunshine at night. sunshine can't be seen at night. at night sun is in other side. the sun is not up at nighttime.  a boy wears high-heeled shoes. boys don't wear high-heeled shoes. high-heeled shoes are for women. boys typically do not wear high-heeled shoes.  human has a tail. human doesn't have a tail. humans are primates. humans do not have tails.  i'm happy when i'm insulted. getting insulted doesn't make anyone happy. an insult should make you mad.  insult makes one angry.  a fish is walking on the ground. no fish can walk on the ground. fish don't have legs and can't breathe on land.  a fish cannot walk.  i jump with my arms. no one uses arms to jump. people don't use their arms for jumping. arms are not touching ground. i feel my tears when i'm laughing. people rarely has tears when laughing. crying is not typically a response when laughing. tears do not come out of eyes while laughing. i felt happy when my father passed away. parents passing away doesn't make one happy. if i like my father i would not be happy when he passed awat.  it is commonly considerd a sad occasion when a family member passes away. a car is slower than a bike. a bike is always slower than a car. "a car is motorized while a bike is not, therefore it is faster and not slower than a bike.". cars have engines which enable them to go faster.  there are a lot of teachers in the hospital. "teachers work in the school, not hospital". "teachers work in schools, not hospitals.". teachers work in schools not hospitals.  the slow wind is a catastrophe. the slow wind is warm and not destructive. slow wind is harmless.  a slow wind does not normally cause any damage.  "when somebody is sad ,he will laugh". laugh express happiness. "laughing is a sign of joy, therefore if somebody is sad, he would not laugh.". laughter is not a symptom of sadness.  the ice-cream is hot. ice-cream usually can't be kept when it is hot. ice cream must be kept cold.  "on the contrary, ice creams are cold". i watch radio after dinner. radio has no screen to watch. "you listen to things that produce only sound, like radio". radio do not have screens. my brother drink petroleum every day. petroleum can't be drunk by people. one can not intake prtroleum as it is a fuel used for vehicles to move.  petroleum is a liquid substance that can't drink.  my friend works 200 hours a week. a week only has 168 hours. there are not even 200 hours in a week.  there's only 168 hours in a week.  sam's hair gradually turns green as he gets older. man's hair can't turn green naturally. green isn't a real hair color.  people's hair turns gray as they get older.  he pours oil to stop fire. oil only burn with fire instead of stopping fire. oil makes fires bigger. oil will increase a fire.  the earth is smaller than the moon. the earth is much bigger than the moon. the moon cannot be smaller than the earth because the moon rotates within the earth's gravitational pull.  the earth is several times bigger than the moon.  a boat is sailing in the sky. boat can't sail in the sky. sky do not have water for sailing. boats cannot fly.  an old cock lay an egg. cocks don't lay eggs. cock do not have ovary. female birds lay eggs.  he likes eating volleyballs in summer. no one eat volleyballs. people do not eat volleyballs. volleyballs are non edible thing and which is use to play in all seasons.  he breathes air in space. there's no air in space. space is a vacuum. space is a place where there is no air.  "though he's blind, he often reads books". blind people can't see anything. blind person cannot read as he don't see anything from eyes.  if you're blind you can't see.  he's energetic after playing an exciting basketball game. playing an exciting basketball game make people exhausted. he should feel tired after playing an exciting basketball game.  playing basketball for a full game is tiring.  there's much water in the desert. a desert is lack of water. there is almost no water in the desert.  the desert is the desert because there's not enough water there.  lake runs from a place to another. lake is still so it can't run. "a lake is a still body of water, it does not run.". lakes are contained bodies of water.  i draw pictures by cigarette. cigarette can't be used to draw pictures. a cigarette isn't a writing instrument.  a cigarette can't be used to draw.  i get good grades because i don't study at all. no one will get good grades without study. "the opposite, or you`re a genius, but you need to study to get good grades". good grades cannot be obtained without hsrd work.  a butterfly used to be an egg. there's no egg able to change into a butterfly. butterflies do not come from eggs.  "butterflies transition from caterpillars using a cocoon, not an egg.". ice will change into steam when it melts. ice changes into steam only when it sublimes. steam is created when water is boiled.  when ice melts he turns into water first. peter barbecues meat with water. no one uses water to barbecue meat. water cannot be used to cook meat.  watet is not necessary in barbecue.  he worked in africa for 13 months last year. there's only 12 months in a year. 13 months are more than a year. there are only 12 months in a year.  zebras are in white color only. there's no zebra in white color only. zebras have stripes of two colors.  white color zebras don't exist.  i walk on the water. no one can walk on the water. it is impossible to walk on water.  water surface not hard to walk. she feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film. interesting things won't make people tired. interesting films make you stay wide awake and pay attention.  interesting films do not provoke sleep.  i feel more than proud to be found to fart in public. farting is not a thing to boast about. people are embarrassed to fart in public.  when people fart in public it makes them embarrassed and not proud.  he feeds his house every day. the house can't be fed. houses have no capacity to ingest food.  houses cannot be fed as they are not living organisms. i go across the river by sheep. sheep are not vehicles. "you cannot ride a sheep, especially across water.". sheep are not floatation devices.  you will go south when you follow polaris. polaris points toward the north. polaris is the north star.  "polaris is in the sky over the earth, thus it's to the north.". the viruses are good for health. the viruses can cause many kind of illness. viruses typically have negative effects on health. viruses make you sick. we can hear with our nose. we can smell with our nose. our noses are used for smelling. we use our nose to smell.  the mirrors are transparent. light cannot penetrate the mirrors. if mirrors would be transparent then it will not show our reflection.  mirrors reflects lights. pencil is made of iron. "pencil is made of wood, not iron". if pencils were made of iron people would get tired from writing because iron is heavy.  iron pencil is very heavy to hold. there are many kinds of sun. there is only one sun in our solar system. sun of our universe is only one and limited.  only one sun exists.  the bicycles use electric power. "the bicycles use human's power, not electric power". bicycles are powered by people.  people can operate bikes on their own power.  strangers are close to us. most of the strangers don't care us. strangers can't be close to a person because a stranger doesn't know that person.  strangers are people you don't know.  fossil energy is clean. fossil energy can cause pollution. fossil energy is wasteful.  fossil fuels create a lot of air pollution. a digital watch has pointers. a digital watch has not any pointers. digital watches only have numbers.  digital watches have screens without pointers or hands. many people's skin is blue. almost no one has blue skin. blue is not a natural pigment for skin in any animal. people don't have blue skin.  frenches use dollars. "frenches use euros, not dollars". france uses euros.  the french do not use dollars as their currancy. a plane can swim in the sea. the plane doesn't work in the sea. planes do not swim.  plane cannot able to swim. private car is a kind of public transport carrier. "a private car is private, not public". "private cars are used by individuals, not the public". private car do not stop for public to enter. paper would be dry in water. few paper can keep dry in water. water makes things wet.  water makes things wet.  bob got angry when he passed the exam. people usually wish to pass exams. passing an exam is usually a good thing and does not make people angry.  passing his exam is good. he eats a durian without peeling. the pericarp of durian can't be eaten. durian has a soiky outershell. durian peel is not edible.  he drives his ship on the road. a ship can't move without water. ships are boats which belong on water.  ships are in water. i built a house on the moon. it's impossible to build a house on the moon now. there are no buildings on the moon.  no humans live on the moon.  the water turns to ice under the sun. the water turns to ice below zero degrees centigrade. "water turns to ice by lowered temperature, not exposure to the sun.". the sun would turn ice to water.  henry became happy after he shot an own goal. shot an own goal makes henry unhappy. helping the other team by scoring for them is rarely a happy event.  somebody who shot an own goal would not be happy.  he plays football with his hands. playing football with hands is a foul. the type of football referred to is plyed only with the feet and head.  football game is played with feet. i bought a t-shirt in a restaurant. the restaurant doesn't sell clothes. restaurants sell food.  they sell food at the restaurant. cell phones are everywhere on a beach. cell phones are not from nature. there is more sand than cell phones on the beach. cell phones are made by people.  jane plays cards with his dog. dogs can't play cards in most cases. a dog can not play cards.  dog only smells and licks cards. he kissed the burglar who robbed him. no one does intimate action to a criminal. "kisses are usually reserved for people we like, not burglars.". you want to kill the burglar not kiss him. mom feels happy that i forgot her birthday. it isn't a happy thing that one's birthday is forgotten. mom would not be glad that her birthday was forgotten. mother's want to be remembered on their birthday.  today's hard work can change the history. what has happened can hardly be changed. something from the present cannot affect the past.  something you do today can't change the past.  he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner. a hospital is not a suitable place to treat guests. hospitals do not serves dinners for guests.  a hospital is for treating patients and it isn't a restaurant.  this chocolate can memorize million bits of information. chocolate is not used for storing information. chocolate is just something you can eat.  chocolate doesn't have any memory.  i saved my money to the trash can. "a trash can is for trash, not for money". trash cans contain things to be thrown out. trash can is not a place to save the money.  most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding. excessive bleeding will make one's body weak. people become tired after excessive bleeding and not more energetic.  "excessive bleeding would make someone feel weak, not energetic.". books are usually made of feathers. feathers are rarely used to make books. feather is light weight and cannot be used to make books.  you can't print words with feathers.  a hamburger usually contains stone. stone isn't a kind of food. stones are hard and not edible. stone is not food. i'm thirsty for french fries. french fries are not used to quench thirsty. you only get thirsty for beverages.  one can be hungry for fries and thirsty for liquids.  i put my teacher into my backpack after class. people can't be put into the backpack. a teacher can't fit in a backpack.  the teacher is too big to fit in a backpack. a cow can live in a river. a cow can only live on the ground. a cow is not amphibious and cannot swim.  cows can't breathe underwater.  tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage. there is no need to burn the table for illumination. you don't use tables for that. lighting the table would cause a fire.  brother likes to watch music before sleeping. music cannot be watched but only listened to. "music is for listening to, not watching.". music can't be seen.  jack took some ice from the stove. "the stove is hot, so there is no ice". you would not find ice in a stove.  a stove is too hot to hold ice.  people like who are rude trouble-makers. rude trouble-makers always get people mad. "no one likes a rude person, much less a trouble maker.". rudeness is not a likeable trait.  most kids hate toys. the toys are so interesting that kids love to play with them. most kids enjoy playing with toys and don't hate them.  kids like toys. a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes. there are only 2 big holes in a pair of sneakers. sneakers only have one big hole for you to put your shoes in.  "a pair of sneakers only needs two holes, one for each for each foot that goes in.". a man can easily see the sun at night. "the sun rises up in the morning, and goes down at night". the sun goes away at night. the sun is only out during the day.  his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam. parents are always vexed to see their children get low marks. his mother would be disappointed by his failure.  failing is not good. my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day. sewage is too dirty for people to drink. sewage isn't drinkable.  sewage is a form of bodily waste. the earth is approximately quadrate. "the earth is approximately a sphere, not a cube". "the earth is spherical, not square.". the earth is round.  i swim to the other side of the mountain. no one can swim in the mountain. people hike over mountains.  you can't swim across mountain.  man took a walk at the boundary the milky way. no one can walk at the boundary the milky way. the milky way is not reachable by humans. you can not walk on stars.  "when the traffic light is red, we can pass the road". it is against the law to run a red light. the color for driving is green.  "green means go and red means stop, therefore we can pass the road when the light is green.". we can borrow money from a toilet. a toilet has no money to lend. toilets do not have money to lend.  toilet is not a place of money transfer to borrow. we can design pictures with an earphone. we can only listen to sounds with an earphone. it is impossible to design a pictures with earphone. earphone are used to listen. we open our eyes when we sleep. we close our eyes so we can sleep. the human species usually sleep with their eyes closed.  open eyes provide the brain with more stimulus which makes it harder to sleep.  there are lots of pens in a book. pens are used to write a book while words constitute a book. a book would be too small to hold a lot of pens.  pens are not kept in books.  robot will die if they don't eat food. robot do not need to eat food. robots are not alive and do not need food. robots don't eat.  smart phones can play basketball. people can play basketball while smart phones can't. smart phones are unable to play basketball.  "smart phones can't play any sports, including basketball.". we use chairs when it rains. no one use chairs against the rain. chair is used for sitting not for rain. chairs would not keep you dry from the rain. we become younger when the time pass. "biologically, no one can become younger". time makes us older.  "as time passes we get older, not younger.". we can scream in a library. we should keep quiet in a library. being quiet is usually a requirement of being in a library while screaming is loud.  libraries are quiet so people can read in peace.  the rubbish is fragrant. the rubbish is rotten. trash can be smelly. rubbish has an unpleasant smell. there are lots of mountains in the ocean. mountains cannot exist in the ocean. very few mountains exist in the ocean.  the ocean is full of water.  there are some fish on the tree. fish can only live in the water. fish is only on the water. fish live in water. jack keeps still when he jumps from a building. people cannot keep still when they jump. nobody can stand still after jumping as there is gravitational pull acts on object which bring down on the floor.  gravity would pull jack down.  "when the sun falls down, people wake up". "when the sun falls down, people usually go to bed". people are awake during the day time.  sunrise is the time for most people to wake up. leaves are usually yellow in summer. leaves are usually yellow in autumn. leaves don't usually turn yellow til autumn.  leaves turn yellow in the fall. bus can fly in the air. "buses are on the ground, not in the air". buses don't have any wings.  bus do not have wings and cannot fly in the air.  liquor usually can refresh someone. liquor usually makes people dizzy and stupid. alcohol makes you drunk. liquor can only intoxicate people.  i can use my phone to swim with my friends. phones are of no use for swimming. you can not use a phone to help you swim. phones are not waterproof.  john gets married with his elder sister. people can't marry their close relatives. it is illegal for john to marry his sister.  siblings marriage is considered immoral and illegal.  tom's body gets shorter as he grows up. almost no one will get shorter when growing up. people do not get shorter as they grow. you get taller not shorter when growing. he saw a strawberry in black color. there is no strawberry in black color. strawberries are red. strawberries are not black unless they are really rotten.  he got excited when his friends betrayed him. no one is excited when being betrayed. he would feel negatively about the betrayal of his friend. betrayal is a bad thing.  his teeth are ill because he often brushes them. someone's teeth stay healthy if he cleans them often. a teeth does not get ill due to brushing.  cavities are caused by lack of brushing. he turns on the light and then the house gets dark. no house will get dark when its light turned on. lights eliminate darkness.  dark is the absence of light.  my neighbor is 500 years old. no one can live 500 years. no one can live for 500 years.  people don't live that long. he is praised due to his criminal deed. criminal deeds should be published. nobody is praised by being a murder. crimes aren't praiseworthy.  having a bad cold makes cindy enjoyable. no on enjoys a bad cold. bad colds are unpleasant. colds do not make people enjoyable or happy. we keep in touch by sleeping. people can't connect others by sleeping. one can not keep in touch when sleeping.  sleeping is not a form of communication.  monkeys like eating humans. monkeys don't eat humans generally. monkeys eat fruit and are primarily vegetarians and don't eat humans.  monkeys are unable to eat large slabs of meat like humans.  we take lessons in toilet. toilet isn't a place for learning. toilet is for evacuating bodily waste. toilet is not place of taking lesson. staying up makes one excited. no one can be excited after staying up. staying up makes one tired.  staying up late would make someone tired not excited. i stop my car when the traffic light turns green. no car stop and stay still when the traffic light turns green. the green light means go. you go at a green light.  tim fell asleep because of the interesting tv show. "if tim is attracted by the show, he won't get asleep". interesting shows wouldn't make tim sleepy.  an interesting tv show woud hold your attention. "when one gets cold, he can take some stomach medicine". stomach medicine takes no effect on coldness. take cold medicine if you have a cold.  stomach medicine cannot fight off cold.  people like to eat bread which has mildewed. mildewed bread tastes awful and is harmful to people's health. "bread doesn't mildew, it molds, and can be very unhealthy for humans to eat.". this would make you sick.  the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file. the boss always gets unhappy when the clerk gets into big trouble. losing an important file wouldn't please a boss.  it makes people unhappy when important things are lost.  he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades. students have to get good grades to go into a world-famous university. world top universities do not offer students with really bad grades.  people with bad grades do not get accepted to top universities.  i eat more to lose weight. losing weight requires less intake than consumption. eating more means you gain more.  eating more will make you gain weight. "if you're busy now, i'd like to ask you some questions". people will spare time with others only after they finish their business in most situations. if you're busy you wouldn't have time for questions.  when someone is busy it is not the ideal time to ask some questions. "it's too sunny outside, so we have no need of sunscreen". sunscreen protects the skin from sunburn to some extent. uv rays from sun damages and burns skin.  sunscreen is needed on sunny days. she was full so she wolfed down eagerly. she couldn't eat any more otherwise she would feel uncomfortable. if you`re full you don't need more. "if she was full, she would not be eating eagerly.". he felt so hot that he turned off the air-conditioner. air conditioning can blow cold air to make one feel cool. an air-conditioner is turned on when people are too hot.  "if he were hot, he would turn on the air conditioner to cool down". his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot. playing a lot can't improve his handwriting. playing will not improve a person's handwriting.  playing a lot does not help him improve handwriting. i'm less short of my breath when i quicken my pace. moving faster usually result in a more short breath. a faster pace needs faster breathing.  "when you quicken your pace, your heart rate increases and affects your breathing.". i took off my coat in the cold wind. we'll feel more cold when taking off coat in the cold wind. if it's cold you should leave your coat on.  this would make you more exposed to the cold. put a basin on his face to wash his face. a basin cannot be put to one's face to wash the face. it is not the right tool for cleaning your face. basin is not a cloth to wash. jack jumps up the cliff. the height of the cliff is much more than the limit of one's strength. you can only jump off and down to the cliff. it is impossible to jump up a cliff.  rides a pigeon to cross the mountains. a pigeon is too small for a person to ride. a pigeon is too small to carry someone across mountains. pigeon is too small and weak to ride to cross the mountains. puts a computer into a pan and cooks it. a computer will break if cooked by a pan. computers are not food. you can't cook a computer.  "saying ""good evening"", he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school". """good evening"" is used at the time of greeting in the evening instead of in the morning". we say good morning at dawn.  we don't say good evening in the morning.  jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother. meeting with kind mother usually makes a person happy. kindness makes people happy.  grieved would mean his mother wasn't kind.  i am short so i have an advantage in model show. tall girls can usually perform better in model show. models are usually tall.  "models are tall, so to be short would not be an advantage.". i do well in math courses so i do well in history courses. history courses are not part of the math courses. good performance in math courses has no relation to performance in history. doing well in math does not mean one will do well in history.  john determines to grow taller so she eats less. eating less would not provide enough nutrition to grow taller. don't grow taller by starving.  taller people typically require more calories so eating less would not be beneficial. i washed up my quilt at the hotel. i do not need to wash up the quilt myself. you can't use a quilt to wash yourself.  i covered my quilt at the hotel.  i was encouraged by him so i broke up with him. encouragement makes a person feel friendly instead of angry and hostile. everybody likes people who encourage them.  when someone is encouraged by another they don't break up with them.  jay played hard to finish the assignment. playing would not help the achievement of the assignment. "assignments are usually about work, and not play.". when playing time lost for assignment. lin feels happy after left out by her brothers. feeling left out would lead to a person unhappiness. loneliness never give happiness. "assuming lin likes her brothers, she would be sad to be left out by them.". ken eats several books every day. books are not made to eat. book cannot be eaten.  books are not edible.  i turned green when passing a crossroads. we cannot change our colour when passing a crossroads. people don't change colors and don not turn green when passing a crossroad.  passing a crossroad cannot change your color. he gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work. long hours of continuous work will cost a lot of energy. sleep is a solid response for being awake 48 continous hours. if doing continuous work then automatically we exhaust. my mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol. drinking a lot alcohol will make a people unconscious. the mind is weakened by alcohol and becomes blurred.  alcohol impairs brain functioning.  england declared war on her ally with great honour. it's immoral to declare war when there is a truce between them. allies are friends you do not declare war on friends.  you fight alongside your allies.  "owing to years of drought and war, his enemy's empire is now very strong". disasters and wars will lead a country weak not strong. drought and war would make an empire weak.  drought and war do not provide healthy life. "thanks to the great power of his rivals, it's the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back". it's not wise to attack a rival when he's a great power. "if his rivals are powerful, they won't give him a chance to stab them on the back.". powerful rivals make for a good case to stab them in the back.  caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put caesar's rival down the throne. one's opponent will not help him to get the throne. putting his rival down the thrown would not be beneficial to caesar.  "caesar's success is to pull, not put rival down the throne". "due to the lack of salary and training, octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary". the lack of salary and training will weaken his authority and make the mercenary lose loyalty. lack of training and salary would likely create feelings of discontent which would not make someone feel more loyal. if we are in a lack of salary then we cannot have a loyalty. "caesar led his army to cross the river, and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping". it's impossible for caesar to burn water in the river. "the river, being composed of water, will not burn.". a river is water and can't be burned. caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils. "generally speaking, only the winner of a battle has spoils". to the victor go the spoils.  when leaders are defeated they do not win the spoils.  "caesar captured a lot of prisoners, to whom he surrendered". bending to the prisoners as a conqueror seldom happens. caesar was the victor and so only the losers and not ceaser would surrender. "if you capture prisoners, they surrender to you.". "it's hot inside, we should turn the heater on". turning the heater on will cause the insider temperature higher. a heater would make it even hotter.  a heater would make it hotter.  "it's a good time to exercise outside, because it's rainy". "rainy road slippery, not suitable for exercise". most people don't like to be out in the rain.  people exercise outside when it's sunny and not when it's rainy.  "after the dinner, i would like to eat desert". "desert is so big and made of sand, nobody can eat it". "desert is a place, not a food to eat". you can not eat sand.  i drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise. drinking oil has no effect on relieving fatigue after exercise. people can't drink oil because it is toxic to the body.  oils is not good to drink.  "because it's very hot, i'd like to swim in the lava". swimming in the lava is not only hot but very dangerous. lava is too hot to swim in.  lava is hot. "compared to the ant, we're so small in scale". we're much bigger than the ant in scale. an ant is very small. ants are much smaller than people.  the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing. any meeting doesn't need a safe landing with the aid of lights. you do not land into a meeting.  a meeting cannot have a safe landing because they do not move.  falling into boiling water makes him feel happy. people who fall into boiling water can feel pain and even life-threatening. getting boiling water on you would be painful and dangerous.  boiling water is hot and unpleasant to fall into.  personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh. "being kept in oven can make mushrooms cooked, not fresh". oven is used to heat not fresh. food is not kept fresh in ovens. a dance is a great way for him to bounce. a dance doesn't have evident effect on bouncing. bouncing is not a part of dance.  dance is not like ball. the river belongs to a drop of water. "a drop of water belongs to the river, instead of the opposite". a river is larger than a drop of water. a river can't belong to a drop of water because it contains much more water than a drop.  the desert belongs to a grain of sand. "a grain of sand belongs to the desert, instead of the opposite". a desert is made up of sand and not the other way around. a desert would be too large to fit in a grain of sand.  "it's so cold, and i'm going to drink some lava". drinking some lava is very dangerous. lava is too hot to drink.  "lava is not edible thing as it contains molten, hot earthen elements and gases.". the sun goes around the earth. the earth is revolved by the gravitational pull of the sun. the sun is the central star. the smaller earth goes around the much larger sun.  ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained. "ten minus three equals seven, not eight". three and eight equal eleven. three and eight add to more than ten.  bob closed his eyes and watched tv with his parents. one cannot watch tv without his eyes. open eyes are necessary to see the tv shows.  your eyes must be open to watch. he was beaten by his mother because he did study well. "generally speaking, parents would like to see their children study well". he wouldn't be punished for studying well. a child isn't usually beaten by their mother for doing well.  it shines cats and dogs outside. shining cats and dogs does not make any sense. cats and dogs are not a thing that can't shines.  "the term ""cats and dogs"" does not refer to sunshine.". "as he gets cold, his mother asks him to drink more cold water". you should drink more hot water instead of cold water when you have a cold. cold water would not warm him up but make him colder.  cold water will lower your body temperature making you colder.  . "generally speaking, it's very safe to hang out on the dark street at night". it's more dangerous at night than at day. it's very dangerous to be out and about at night.  dark streets have many risks. they were travelling in a carpet in the air. a carpet cannot lift people in the air to travel. carpets are not a type of transportation. flying carpets aren't real.  queen elizabeth ii is a king. queen elizabeth ii is a queen at present therefore cannot be a king that is a male ruler. the queen is a woman and can't be king. queen elizabeth ii is a woman.  the teacher stood on the desk when school started. people seldom stood on the desk when school started. "desks are used for sitting at and studying, not standing on.". teachers shouldn't stand on desks.  chauncey eats milk. "milk cannot be eaten, while it can only be consumed". you drink liquids.  milk is drunk rather than eaten.  he loves bread more than any other drinks. bread is not a drink. bread is not a type of liquid.  "you eat bread, not drink it". he has ten toes on one foot. no one has ten toes on one foot. he was born with five extra toes then.  each foot contains 5 toes. a cup is used to write. cups are used for holding water and other stuff. a cup is not a writing instrument.  it is impossible to write with a cup. he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb. light bulbs can't make a call or other remote communication. light bulb is a thing which cannot used to communicate.  a light bulb cannot be used for communication.  he ate chess. the chess can not be eaten. chess cannot be ate.  chess is a game and is not edible.  i lost my brain at the subway station. "if you lose your brain, you will no longer live". your brain is inside your head.  a person's brain is inside their head and can't be removed and lost.  he eats tigers every day before lunch. one cannot eat tiger every day because it's dangerous and scarce. people don't normally eat tigers.  a tiger is too big to eat.  he pus an elephant in a drawer. an elephant is too big to be put into a drawer. elephant is much bigger than the drawer. an elephant is much larger than a drawer. papers are made of iron. no paper is made of iron. paper would be too heavy if it were made out of iron.  iron isn't good for making paper.  wolves are docile naturally. no wolf is docile naturally. docile does not include wolves.  predators are not docile. a music box can sleep. no music box can sleep. "a music box is not alive, therefore it cannot sleep". a music box is not alive. he plants a tree on the sea. trees can't live without soil. you can only plant trees on solid ground.  most plants can't grow in salt water.  eyes are used to hear things. eyes can't hear anything. eyes are used to be watch not to hear things. eyes do not detect sounds. we need the apple to open the lock. apple can't open the lock. apples are a fruit and cannot open a lock.  an apple is too big to be put into a lock.  salt usually taste sweet. no salt tastes sweet. salt is salty. salt is oposite of sweet. obesity is healthy for human. obesity is not healthy for human. obesity can cause health problems that are detrimental to humans.  obesity causes serious bad effects in a human being.  ice releases heat when melting. melting is a process that needs heat. it is impossible to melt when release heat. ice is cold and does not release heat.  rats live on the trees. no rat lives on the trees. "although they are able to climb trees, rats prefer to live in dark places". tree is not a place to live for rats.  students take lessons at night and sleep at day. no student takes lessons at night and sleeps at day. the students have a curfew at night.  lessons at school happen during the day.  he keeps a dragon as a pet. dragon doesn't exist at all. dragons are too vicious and wild to keep as pets. dragon's are not real and can not be kept as a pet.  tom runs 100 meters in 1 second. no one can run 100 meters in 1 second. humans can't go that fast.  people can not run as fast as 100 meters in 1 second.  i take a shower in 200degrees celsius. no one can live in the temperature of 200degrees celsius. taking a shower in overly hot water would cause a person to get scaled.  200 degrees celsius is almost 400 fahrenheit and is enough to cook a person.  people speak to others in french in china. people in china don't speak french to communicate. french is the language of france. people in china speak chinese and not french.  he keeps a whale in a fishbowl. a fishbowl is too small for a whale to live in. whales do not fit in fishbowls. a whale would not fit in a fishbowl. rainbow usually appears after sand storm. rainbow has nothing to do with sand storm. rainbows are made from water and light.  rainbows are not made from sand.  there are dinosaurs in the zoo. dinosaurs died out long time ago. dinosaurs are extinct.  "a zoo is a place to see live animals, not extinct ones.". we keep breathe with our stomach. stomach has nothing to do with breathing. "our stomachs don't help us breathe, that's what lungs do.". the stomach is for food.  i felt cool because the sun was too hot that day. sunshine increases the body temperature. a hot sun will not make one cool.  "if the sun is hot, then you are hot.". "he didn't know the new word, so went to play basketball". dictionary is a useful tool where students can see the explanations. when someone doesn't know a word they look it up in a dictionary and don't play basketball.  playing basketball will not help you learn new vocabulary.  it's so late that we can check all the students' grades. sampling surveys can save time. there will not be enough time to check all the grades.  there isn't enough time before bed to do everything.  this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the wei and jin dynasties. this work has high historical and aesthetic value. a writer that is famous will have a painting that is worth a lot.  "if it's famous and old, it has value.". "i stayed up all night last night, so i am energetic today". staying up late makes people very tired the next day. people need plenty of sleep to re-energize.  staying up all night means lacking sleep and rest and affects ones ability to think and be energetic.  we are supposed to peep at a classmate's personal diary. it is disrespectful to move other's things without permission. you should not look at a personal diary.  peeping at someones personal diary is considered impolite. people can use flash lights in caves. the use of flash will destroy the fresco. caves is not a place to use flash lights.  since there is no flash allowed in caves you can not use flashlights. children should separate from their parents in the crowd. "in crowded places, children are easily lost if they don't keep up with their parents". children should stay with their parents in a crowd to prevent them from becoming lost.  losing your children in a crowd would be scary.  we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today. people should abide by the rules when visiting museums. if it's closed no one is allowed in.  if its not open you cant see. we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering. everyone's life is equally important and we should protect ourselves. "choosing to act when you lack ability, such as to swim, is foolish and not brave.". being unable to swim would not stop someone volunteering.  she liked feeling overfed. feeling overwhelmed is a sign that the body reminds us not to eat any more. being overfed gives on a belly ache.  if she were overfed she would be uncomfortable. "he had no money, so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat". "usually, a penniless person can't buy anything". you have to have money to buy something.  money is needed to buy ice cream. "he often can't solve math problems, so he loves math". most people don't like what they're not good at. people do not love things that give them difficulty.  he doesn't love math if he is bad at it. "his computer broke down, so he can hand in his homework ahead of time". he needed the help of a computer to finish his work. "if the computer broke down, then he would be late handing it in because he would not have access to the computer.". if his computer is not working he can not use it to produce his homework.  he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates. "when we can't accomplish our task independently, we can choose to ask for help". "if he already had the answer, he wouldn't need to ask his classmates.". "if he worked out the problem himself, it would not make sense to ask his classmates for help.". we should eat bananas after they turn black. the black color means the banana is broken and we could have diarrhea when we eat it. black bananas have gone bad. black bananas are overriped and can be dangerous for humans to eat. "getting home after a happy date,he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside". the boy was expecting to show his girlfriend around his house. after a good date you would want to invite your partner in so you can still have more time to spend with each other.  a person does not leave his girlfriend outside as she would face danger.  delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited. she was too hungry to understand such a long delay of her takeout delivery anymore. when a delivery is delayed it makes people upset and not excited.  she would want her food. he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday. the student went to bed late because he had much work to do and deprived sleep. dark circles under eye only when strain. "the student likely stayed up late if he had circles under his eyes, so he had to have been working on something.". the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store. the store could not provide her with satisfying shopping experience. she would not return to a store with bad goods. "if the items were not good quality, she would not order them again.". i ate a tree as my dinner. no one can eat a tree. trees are not food. trees are not food.  he play the piano by mouth. nobody can play piano by mouth. you can't hit the keys with your mouth.  his mouth would get hurt.  he saw an elephant eating meat. no elephant eats meat. elephants are herbivores.  an elephant is a herbivore.  honesty can be bought by money. honesty can't be bought by money. buying honesty would not guarantee it. honesty is non available in shops. he drank a bottle of oil. people can't drink oil. oil is not a drink to be consumed. oil is not a liquid to be drunk.  too much alcohol makes peter wide awake. no on can stays wide awake after drinking too much alcohol. "alcohol tends to make on sleepy, not wide awake.". alcohol inhibits your actions. his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone. "when someone is a poor singer, he is to make noise". a person who cannot carry a tone cannot sing  well and so friends do not enjoy listening to him.  proper tone makes musical enjoyable.  the high-speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky. the high-speed railway cannot fly. it is impossible for a train to fly in the sky.  trains do not fly.  fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols. fans don't really want to hurt someone they have affection for. people don't attack their idols.  fans almost never attack their idols because they like them.  girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers. girls want to show their beauty in front of boys they have a crush on. actually women dress to look their best  when they go on a date.  girls are meticulous about their outfits when going out on dates.  elephants like eating meat. elephants are herbivorous. elephants are not carnivores.  elephants are not meat eaters. snow is in black color. there's no black snow in the world. snow is not black.  "nope, snow is white everywhere, maybe yellow sometimes". rain falls from stars. stars can't produce rain. stars do not have water to make rain. stars are very hot. cows produce juice. cows can't produce juice. jucice are made from squeezing different fruits and vegetables.  juice is a liquid substance that can't produce by the cow.  cats prey on stones and sands. there's no cat like eating stones and sands. "stones and sand are not food, cats eat mice and cat food.". cats can't eat stone and sand.  there's some alkali in one's stomach. there's no alkali in stomach. alkali doesn't belong in a stomach.  the stomach contains acids and alkali is not an acid.  human likes to have ugly appearance. no one likes to be ugly. no one wants to be ugly. humans desire to be beautiful. books are made of glass. no book is made of glass. books are not made of glass because they would be very fragile and heavy.  glass is heavy and fragile.  oil can be found in the sky. there's no oil in the sky. sky is too light to hold oil. only air and clouds are in the sky.  policemen work in the hospital. all the policemen work in the police station. patients are not criminals. policemen work at the precinct.  a doctor must be able to cook. not every doctor can cook. cooking is not necessary for a doctor to perform their functions. every doctor practices in clinics and hospitals as their duty but cooking is not a compulsion to them.  hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday. no on eats birthday bloom on birthday. blooms are flowers. birthday bloom cannot be ate.  my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood. no one's blood is in blue color. when it bleeds it only oozes red color blood not blue.  blood isn't blue.  i feel comfortable when i get hurt. no one feels comfortable when getting hurt. you should feel pain after getting hurt.  injuries cause pain.  green plants produce water. no green plants produce water. green plants need water to grow.  green plants suck up water.  he wear shoes on hands. no one wears shoes on hands. "shoes are for the feet, not hands.". shoes belong on feet.  human's teeth are black naturally. no one's teeth are black naturally. enamel is white in color. human teeth are made of a calcium compound which is naturally white.  tom feels hot in winter. people usually don't feel hot in winter. the winter is for cold weather.  winter is the coldest season of the year.  the noise is beautiful. the noise is irregular. "nope, noise is just noise, its annoying actually". noise is a sound which cannot be classified as beautiful.  milk can wake you up. milk can help you sleep. "milk makes you sleepy, it would not wake you up.". milk does not contain caffeine or any stimulant to increase your wakefulness.  we can use our phone to swim. we use our body to swim. phones are ruined by water.  phones are not made for swiming. "when the sun falls down, we wake up". "when the sun falls down, we sleep". most people sleep at night and wake up during the day.  one does not sleep when the sun sun falls down to wake up.  we can borrow money in the toilet. we relieve ourself in the toilet. toilets are used for getting rid of human waste. toilets don't give out money.  my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day. no one can drink a carton of milk at a time. that much milk would make you sick.  milk comes in a bottle not in a carton.  jack was born two meters tall. the newborn baby is about 05 meters tall. babies are not born two meters tall.  growth is a slow process. a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton. a kilogram of iron is the same weight as a kilogram of cotton. a kilo is the same wight no matter what object is being weighed.  "as both consists of one kilo , both would weigh the same.". he took the high-speed train to the moon. no high-speed trains can be driven off the ground. there is no train rail that goes to the moon.  the moon isn't physically connected to the earth so a train can't go there.  most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise. most people work during the day and rest at night. most people work during daylight hours.  only a minority of people work at sunrise. she decided to go on holiday on february 30th. february has 29 days at most. february has only 29 days at most.  february only has 28 or 29 days. my parents feed their house every day. house can't be feed. a house isn't a living thing.  houses don't eat.  kate slept on the ceiling last night. people can't stay on th ceiling. people can't sleep on the ceiling because of gravity. gravity prevents people from sleeping on the ceiling. doctor goes to airport to work. there's no doctor working at the airport. airports are for travellers. the airport is not equipped for doctor's to work at.  the earth exists in the sun. the earth is not in the sun. the earth and sun both are different and apart entities of our universe.  anything very closer to sun will burn down due to the heat of the sun.  my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast. no one likes eating shoes. people don't eat shoes.  shoes not tasty to eat. i go to hospital by house. house can't be used to transport. house is not a vehicle to travel to hospital.  you cannot travel in a house as it does not have wheels.  rats are bigger than human. rats are much smaller than human. rats are small and can crawl into tiny spaces.  rats are hopefully less than a foot long.  my parents eat lunch on the ceiling. no one can eat lunch on the ceiling. people can't eat on the ceiling because gravity would pull them down.  "you can't do anything on the ceiling, it defies gravity.". tom is the country's princess. there's no male princess. only girls can be a princess.  tom is a boy's name and boys aren't princesses.  japan is the the biggest country in the world. the biggest country in the world is russia. japan is not even a large country. many nations are bigger than japan.  dolphins can live in the desert. dolphins can't live in the desert. dolphins must live in the ocean not on land.  dolphins can only live in the ocean. a book is used to eat. no one eats books. a book is not an eating utensil.  book is not a food to eat. walls are made of water. there's no wall made of water. water is not a solid. water is not hard. a car can feel pain. cars can't feel pain. only animals and people can feel pain.  cars don't have any feelings.  guns are beneficial for human. guns are deadly for human. guns can be used to hurt people and are therefore not beneficial.  guns hurt people. my mom eats her breakfast at night. no one eats breakfast at night. breakfast is taken in the morning. "breakfast is for morning eating,". restaurant sells medicine. restaurant doesn't sell medicine. restaurants sell food.  restaurants sell food. my mom eat a telephone as dinner. no one can eat a telephone. telephones are not food.  telephones are plastic and cannot be eaten.  he went out home without his lungs. human can't live without lungs. a person cannot leave without their lungs.  you can't remove your lungs.  snake moves by flying. snakes are unable to fly. snakes lack wings.  snakes cannot fly.  he was sentenced to death for drinking juice. no one is sentenced to death for drinking juice. drinking juice is not a capital offense.  drinking juice is not a crime. flowers need plastic to live. flowers don't need plastic to live. plastic can't nourish a plant.  "flowers don't need plastic, they need water". there are many kind of books in the zoo. there's few books in the zoo. "books are kept in libraries, not zoos". books are kept in libraries.  my father cooks dishes in the toilet. no one cooks dishes in the toilet. cooking is done only in kitchen.  toilet do not have stove. drinking coffee makes him sleepy. drinking coffee won't make one sleepy. coffee is a stimulant. "coffee doesn't make you sleepy, it makes you energetic.". human usually has five hands. no one have five hands. a normal human is born with two hands. all humans have 2 hands. my son has four big eyes. no one has four eyes. children to do not have four eyes. humans normally have only two eyes.  spiders have only one eye. no spider has only on eye. spiders have eight eyes.  "biologically, they have more than one.". he does his homework on the ceiling. no on can do homework on the ceiling. ceiling is use to hang something in the room like fan and not for study or homework.  a person can't do homework on a ceiling because gravity would pull them down.  we do our math test in the bathroom. no one does math test in the bathroom. tests belong in the classroom.  a bathroom is not a good place to do math problems.  he takes a photo by toothbrush. toothbrush can't be used to take photos. a toothbrush is not able to take a photo. toothbrush is not a tool to take photo.  his skin is in blue color. no one's skin is in blue color. people don't produce blue skin pigment.  you cannot have blue skin.  he writes his report with his cup. cup can't be used to write report. you can use cup to drink not to write.  you can't write words with a cup.  mary draw pictures by window. no one use window to draw pictures. windows are for viewing outside. windows aren't a drawing tool. octopus has many brains. octopus has only one brain. an octopus has one brain.  it has 9 brains. he dies for his healthy body. no one dies for a healthy body. being healthy is not a cause of death.  his health would protect him from death. he drinks water by phone. no one uses phone to drink water. "a phone is used to make calls, not for drinking water.". you can't drink water from a phone.  he put some cement on the bread to eat. no one can eat cement at all. cement is not food.  "cement is inedible, in part because it's heavy.". i'm taking a shower in a kitchen. no on takes showers in a kitchen. a kitchen is for preparing food and doesn't have a shower in it.  kitchens are not used for cleaning your body. driving after drinking is legal. drunk driving is not legal. people could get seriously hurt by driving after drinking.  it is against the law to drive with a blood alcohol level above a specified amount which would make driving after drinking illegal.  it's totally safe to drive while phoning. driving while phoning is unsafe. you should give driving your full attention. driving takes full concentration.  ancient people ride lions to work. no one can ride lions to work. lions cannot be tame enough to ride on.  lions are dangerous animals. people can feel the gravity in the space. there's no gravity in the space. space has less gravity.  space is zero gravity. there are lots of dogs in a lake. dogs can't live in the lake. "dogs are not found in lakes, they live on dry land.". dogs can only go in the lake briefly.  butterflies can swim in the water. no butterfly can swim in the water. butterflies drown if their wings get wet.  butterfly wings are not waterproof.  ice is hotter than water. no ice is not hotter than water. ice is cold. ice is the frozen state of water. snakes have many legs. no snake has any legs. snakes are animals with no legs.  snakes were created without legs - even one or many.  dragons exist in our real lives. dragons are not exist in the world. dragons are fictional entities.  it is impossible to exist dragons in real lives. lemons taste salty. no lemon tastes salty. lemon does not contain a taste of salt. "no they don't, lemons in the entire world are sour". music can destroy human's body. no music can destroy human's body. music is abstract and inherently safe and provides no physical harm. people listen to music all the time with out it destroying their bodies.  silver is much more valuable than gold. no silver is more valuable than gold. silver is less valuable than gold. gold is precious ornament. he bought some food in the clothes store. there's no food to sell in the clothes store. a clothes store only sells clothes not food.  a clothes store does not sell food. human can live without water. human can't live without water. humans need water to survive.  water is essential for life.  bob fishes in the desert. there's no fish in the desert. there is no where to fish in the desert.  there is no water or fish in the desert.  there are lots of clouds in a clear day. there's few clouds in a clear day. clouds appear only in a cloudy day. clear days have an absence of clouds. rats are fearless. no rat is fearless. rats are not brave.  rats are actually afraid of almost everything.  human get fat for eating little. eating little won't make one fat. eating little usually causes humans to loose weight not gain it.  eating little makes one lose weight.  farmers can plant rockets in farm. no one can plant rockets. rockets are used for shooting into the air. rockets are not plants. rainbow is in four kind of colors. rainbow is not in only four kind of colors. there are more than four colors in a rainbow.  there are seven colors in a rainbow.  i drink oil every day. no one drink oil. oil is not a drinking one. oil is not used to hydrate a person. ships have wheels. no ship has any wheels. ships sails on water by the principles of buoyancy and density which do not has wheels.  ships do not have wheels.  he is taking showers in the library. no one can take showers in the library. there aren't any showers at the library.  showers are located in the gym. gold is harder than diamonds. gold can't be harder than diamonds. "gold is very soft, while diamonds are the hardest substance known.". diamonds are very hard. peter have many friends because he is socially awkward. no one socially awkward can have many friends. peter is too shy to talk to people so he wouldn't make many friends.  "when a person is not awkward, people enjoy being with him.". his clothes are clean so he washes them. clean clothes don't need to be washed. you don't need to wash something thats already clean. clean clothes need not be washed.  jack likes cooking dishes in his garden. no one can cook in the garden. you can not cook without fire. cooking is done in a kitchen.  fire is colder than ice. no fire is colder than ice. fire is an oxidation reaction which gives off heat.  "fire is always hot, not cold.". houses are used for human to eat. human can't eat houses. houses are not edible by humans. "houses are for living, not eating". doing sports more makes one gain weight. doing sports more only makes one thin. burning energy makes you lose weight. "sports requires exercise, which tends to reduce one's weight.". the future is predictable. no one can predict future. the future is not predictable. you can't know what'll happen in the future.  octopus lives in the jungle. no octopus can live in the jungle. octopus is a sea animal.  the jungle is full of trees and octopus need the ocean to survive. dead fish is good gifts for lovers. no one likes dead fish as a gift from lover. people do not enjoy receiving dead fish.  dead fish are disgusting.  there are many trees on an ice mountain. there's no tree on an ice mountain. trees can't grow in ice.  there are not many trees that can live in that condition. people usually make wishes when seeing the sun. no one makes wishes when seeing the sun. "you would burn your eyes if you look at the sun, falling stars are rare". we see the sun every day so it's not special.  owls sleep at night. no owl sleep at night. owls are nocturnal. owls are nocturnal. some plants eat human. there's no plant eating human in the world. no real plants eat human beings.  plants don't eat people.  glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human. no one drinks glue. glue is used as an adhesive and is not edible.  glue can be dangerous to drink.  we use microscope to see things far away from us. microscope can't be used to see things far away from us. microsope can see tiny things. microscope is not used to see far things. "if you cast the dice and you get the number 7, then you can go seven steps forward". a dice has only six sides. most dice only have 6 sides.  there aren't seven sides to a dice. china is the most populous country in america. china is an asian country. china is its own country. china is not in america.  "at standard atmospheric pressure, water has a 50% chance boiling at 100 degrees celsius". "according to the physical properties of water, its boiling point is 100 degrees celsius". water has a 100% chance to boil at 100 degrees celsius.  at 100 degrees celsius water has a 100% chance of boiling. he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight. it is only when one person has a good feeling that he is willing to continue to get along with another person. he doesn't invite people he hates to dinner.  you don't invite people you hate.  "the teacher often punishes students corporally, so the students respect for him very much". a teacher should not punish students corporally in any way. students would not like being hurt by their teacher when they are in trouble.  students don't respect physical abuse.  "we use ""i have butterflies in my stomach"" to describe a person is very hungry". butterflies flutter in their stomachs to describe their hearts are moving up and down. having butterflies in the stomach wouldn't make anyone hungry.  a person feels his stomach is empty when he is hungry.  "i'm short-sighted, so i never wear glasses in class". "if i don't wear glasses, i can't see the blackboard clearly". short-sighted people need glasses to read and write.  people who are short-sighted need glasses.  he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity. only a good drinker will not get drunk. having a low tolerance means you get drunk easily.  "if his drinking capacity was weak, then he'd be drunk". harry potter is a very popular cartoon. harry potter is a magic novel. harry potter is a book without illustrations.  harry potter was never made into a cartoon. the sun will appear during the rain. "dark clouds cover the sun in rainy days, and rainbows appear after rains". rain clouds covers the sun.  rain clouds are dark and typically block the sun. "the air conditioner is broken, so the indoor temperature drops". outdoor sunlight will raise the temperature inside the house. "the opposite, if its broken it will get hotter". "if the air conditioner is broken, then it would be warmer indoors.". he was late for work and his boss got happy. a boss hopes that his employees can toe the company line. a boss will be angry when an employee is late for work.  his boss would be unhappy that he was late to work. tears began to spill out of the boy's mouth. tears flow out of the eyes. tears come out of the eyes and not the mouth.  tears come out off eyes instead mouth. she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester. frequent absences pay a price. she would have bad grades skipping class.  if you skip classes you can't do the work or turn in anything.  people trust him really because he often breaks his promise. people only respect those who keep their promises. promise breakers are untrustworthy.  breaking his promises means he doesn't do what he says. watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes. "when we look at plants and flowers, we feel very comfortable". screens strain your eyes. "if we watch a computer for long time, then we have more power in eyes, so its very bad". you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus. the rule is to buy tickets first and then take the bus. you can't enter a bus without a ticket. you pay before you go to your destination.  "if you violate traffic regulations, you will receive a reward". breaking the rules is punishable. "generally, violations result in admonishment, not rewards". reward gives for a good work or action. she loses weight by overeating. only diet and exercise can help people get thinner. overeating causes weight gain. overeating would make her gain weight.  students are supposed to play before they finish their homework. s good habit is to work first and enjoy later. homework should come first.  homework takes priority over play.  she started to fly with her wings. "people were born without wings, so people cannot fly". only birds have wings.  people do not have wings.  "he hasn't eaten for a long time, so looks fat and affluent". not eating can make people lose weight quickly. fat and affluent is if you're eating a lot.  "if one has not eaten, one loses weight, therefore is not fat.". a lion is eating straw there. lions are carnivores. lions eat meat. lions do not eat plant material.  the clerk gestured to him because he could not see. "the deaf can't see anything, including the gestures". a blind person doesn't see gestures.  indicating a gesture requires sight to interpret. "we use ""talk big"" to describe a person talks something important". """talk big"" is to say someone brags, not talking something important". "we use ""talk big"" to describe a person brags.". talking big is a way to rub things in peoples faces.  we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters. the stickers can't certify that the postman has paid the fee. stickers are not necessary to send letters.  when an envelope is mailed it has to have a stamp on it and not a sticker.  "his shirt has a big hole in it, so he continues to wear it". "if the shirt are broken, it will usually not be worn any more". people usually don't like holes in their shirts.  newer shirts do not have big hole. sulfuric acid solution can be touched. sulfuric acid solution is corrosive. acid burns the body touch. sulfuric acid will burn one's skin and should not be touched.  smuggler should be rewarded. smuggling violates relevant laws. smuggling is a crime.  criminals should be punished.  "when one is bluffing, he talks about things in truth". bluff is exaggerating and distorting the facts. bluffing means telling an untruth.  when you bluf you are trying to sell a lie. smoking is good for your health. nicotine in cigarettes is bad for your health. smoking and second hand smoke are a cause for cancer. "smoking is injurious, so it is not good". eating some glass every day is good for your health. glass is not food that cannot be eaten. eating glass will harm your esophagus and digestive tract  so it is not good for your health.  eating glass is dangerous.  an elephant flies in the sky. elephants always can't fly. elephants are land animals that cannot fly.  elephants are so heavy and huge they can't fly in the sky. he looked up to see a fox in the sky. foxes can't fly in the sky. sky is a place where a fox cannot be seen.  foxes are land animals and cannot be found in the sky.  he's sleeping in the sea tonight. a man who sleeps in the sea will drown. sea is a place where we cannot sleep.  if you sleep in water you will drown.  the sun rises from the west in the morning. the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. the sun can only rise one direction.  west is a direction where the sun does not rises in the morning.  he saw the sun at night. the sun doesn't appear at night. "the sun and moon appear in cycles, when it is day the sun is visible and at night the moon is visable.". when there is sun there is day not night. the fish swam on the grass. fish can only swim in the water. fish swim in water.  "the act of swimming can only be done in liquid, and fish cannot survive on land.". an elephant ran into the fridge. elephants are much bigger than refrigerators. fridge is so small for an elephant to ran into it.  an elephant is too large to be in a building that a fridge would be logically located. he saw an elephant in the bedroom. the bedroom can't hold an elephant. bedroom is a place where elephant does not live.  elephants live outdoors.  he picked up a cup of an elephant. "cups are used for water, not animals". "a cup cannot hold an elephant, as well as a human cannot pick up an elephant.". an elephant is to big to pick up. he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning. people who drink poisons will die. poisons are dangerous to health. poison is not intentionally consumed by people for the purpose of quenching thirst.  he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig. a man can't eat a whole pig. you would not go to a restaurant right after you wake up.  a pig is a fresh animal.  the crocodile in the park flew into the sky. crocodiles can't fly. crocodiles are not capable of flying.  crocodiles do not have wings. she wore a necklace around her waist. it's not suitable to wear a necklace on waist. "a necklace is designed to be worn around the neck, hence the name.". necklace is for wearing around neck not for waist. she went to the clothing store and bought a knife. clothing stores don't sell knives. they probably do not sell knives at the clothing store.  knives are not bought at a clothing store.  she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon. sleeping is not allowed in the elevator of the mall. an elevator is always moving and not a comfortable place to sleep.  elevators are not appropriate places to sleep.  she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today. there are only cooks but no doctors in the restaurant. a restaurant does not have the ability to care for sick people.  restaurant does not have doctors.  an alien broke into his house and he called the police. there is no conclusive evidence that aliens exist. aliens are still a mystery for their existence.  aliens haven't been to earth yet. he went to the school to deposit a sum of money. the school has no place to save money. bank is for depositing money not school. money is deposited in the bank. carrots love rabbits. plants have no affection. carrot is a thing which can be loved by the rabbits.  carrots are vegetables and have no feelings. there is straw in a hamburger. people don't eat straw. straws are not used inside a hamburger.  straw is in a drink bottle.  i went to the market by plane. airplanes are long-distance vehicles. markets don't have landing strips for planes.  plane is only for very long distance.  he hasn't eaten for half a year. people who haven't eaten for a long time will die. not eating for a half a year would be impossible.  people cannot survive half a year without food.  he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow. no one marries a monkey. monkey is an animal which cannot be married by him.  it is unconventional and illegal for a person to marry a monkey.  i drank an apple this morning. an apple cannot be drunk. apple is a eatable fruit.  "you eat an apple, you do not drink it". nine-year-old children love driving cars. children is too young to drive cars. children can not drive cars until they are 16.  one has to be sixteen years old to drive a vehicle.  the city wall was built only for beauty. "he city wall has a defensive function, not just for beauty". walls are typically built for the purpose of keeping something out or keeping something contained.  city walls are built to be functional and provide protection.  we have decided to go on holiday on july 32th. july only has 31 days. july only has 31 days.  july 32th doesn't exist. he plays basketball game in football shoes. football shoes are not suitable to play basketball game. football shoes aren't worn in basketball games.  football shoes have good traction on a field but will create friction on a wooden court.  man does not belong to animals. human beings belong to higher animals. human is a special animal on earth.  man evolved from primates which are classified as animals.  two plus two equals five. simple arithmetic states that the combination of two numbers equals its sum. two plus two equals four.  two plus two does not equal five.  an ant trampled an elephant to death. ants are much smaller than elephants. an ant weighs too little to effect an elephant if it steps on it.  an ant is much too small to trample a large elephant to death.  she put some stones in the cup. stones can not be drunk or eaten. stones are not drinkable.  stones are not usually placed in a cup.  he likes drinking boiling water. boiling water is too hot to drink. boiling water cannot be used for drinking purpose.  "boiling water is so hot , no one can drink". drinking a lot of wine is good for your health. a lot of wine is not good for people's health. lots of wine will damage the heslth.  drinking a lot of wine is bad for your liver.  i bought a bomb for my girlfriend. a bomb is dangerous for a person. a bomb cannot be legally bought. bombs are very dangerous and threatening gifts.  tigers eat leaves. tigers are carnivores. tigers are carnivores.  tigers are carnivorous they only eat meat.  he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends. you don't need to wear a flak jacket to ski. a flak jacket is too cold to go skiing in.  "flak jackets are worn as protection from high velocity projectiles such as bullets, and are not known to be used for skiing.". the color of the phone screen is red. no phone has a red screen. a phone screen usually consists of many colors.  it cannot be red as you wouldnt be able to see what you are doing. jack's father was 60 years old when he was born. the age of a person who was born is 0. "when you are born you are 1 years old, it is impossible to be born a 60 year old.". jack's father is 60 years old now. the sky is green. the color of the sky can't be green. green is not the colour of the sky.  the color of sky is blue only.  a balloon can illuminate the entire room. balloons cannot emit light. a balloon can not illuminate the entire room.  a balloon does not give off much light at all.  eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold. it's not good for a sick person to eat spicy food. spicy food doed not have the ingredients to  cure cold.  spicy foods can make on'es eyes water and nose run.  my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday. a truckload of apples cannot be eaten in a day. truckload of apples cannot be eaten in one day by a single man.  no one ate truckload of apples in one day. jujubes have more water than pears. the moisture of pears is more than that of jujubes. jujubes does not have a high water content.  jujubes do not produce a lot of water.  my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born. no one is born on his 10th birthday. when she was born she cannot celebrate her 10th birthday.  when you are born you are 1 day old and cannot be 10 years old.  it's raining cats and dogs in the classroom. "it can not rain indoors, like in a classroom". it is not possible to rain in a room since in is indoors.  "cats and dogs have never fallen from a cloud, so something already impossible is only less likely to occur within a classroom.". "the man got a gut ache, so he went to the teacher". a teacher cannot cure a sickness. only doctor cures ache. a teacher can help a person learn but they aren't helpful with ailment.  boys usually love to wear lipstick. boys usually don't like to wear lipstick. lipstick is used by girls not boys.  "girls usually love to wear lipstick, not boys.". boys like to wear nail polish more than girls. many boys don't like wearing nail polish while many girls like. boys rarely wear nail polish.  nail polish is a thing which cannot done by the boys.  there are usually more teachers than students in a school. "a teacher can teach many students, so there are usually more teachers". students make the maximum percentage of population in school.  students are more than the teachers in a school.  the students teach the teachers at school. the students learn knowledge from the teacher. students go to a school to learn. student can only learn from teachers. students usually have more knowledge than teachers. teachers usually teach students knowledge. teachers are more knowledgeable than the students.  "teachers have more knowledge than students, although students do not usually think so.". it is colder in summer than winter. the temperature in winter is lower than in summer. the sun is out more and it is warmer in the summer.  "summer is known to be hot, and winter is cold.". the days are longer in winter than summer. sunshine time is longer in summer than winter. summer has longer days than winter.  "there are less hours of sunlight in the winter, so the days are shorter.". rats are rare animals. the number of rats is very large in the world. a rat is a common animal. rats are available in all place. he put all plates in washing machine to clean. "usually washing machine can clean only cloths, plates are cleaned in dish washer". clothes should go into washing machine not plates.  a washing machine would break plates.  fire keeps you cold. fire can sent out heat. fire emits heat. fire is hot and would not keep you cold at all.  my friend eaten nothing for years. people who eat nothing for years will die. "human body requires food to produce energy,we cannot live without food more than 2-3 days.". human need food and will die if they don't for a prolong period.  my friend ate cat food last night. "cat food is for cats, not for people". humans don't eat cat food.  cat food is not nutritious enough. the color of the sea is yellow. there is no yellow sea in the world. the sea is known to be blue. the sea never appears yellow in color.  the shape of ice is changeable. the shape of ice is hard to change because it is solid. once ice freezes its stuck the way it is until melted.  once water is frozen it will keep its shape.  the tortoise barks all day long. tortoises generally do not make sound. barking does not done by the tortoise.  tortoises don't bark.  the quilt is used for making fire. no one lit the quilt to make fire. fire is made with kindling.  quilt is a kind of textile.  paper is used for eating. paper is made of straw and shouldn't be eaten. eating paper is not healthy.  paper is not edible.  dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath. bathing with dishwashing liquid can damage your skin. people use shampoo or body wash when taking a bath.  dishwashing liquid is not good for skin. my friend married the dog he loves. human beings can't marry animals. a person cannot get married to an animal.  marriage is normally between two humans not with their pets.  harry lives in the bottom of the sea. the bottom of the sea is not suitable for human habitation. harry wouldn't be able to breath underwater. harry would drown very soon if he attempted to make a home at the bottom of the sea.  birds like reading book. birds can't read because they're illiterate. birds do not have the ability to learn to read.  birds are not able to read books.  the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain. the grass is under the tree and much shorter than the tree. a big tree would block the rain before it reaches the grass. tree is much bigger than the grass.  he put his shoes on his head. shoes are worn on the feet to walk. shoes are never worn on your head.  no one put their shoes on head. the tree floats in the wind. wind cannot blow trees into the sky. a tree is too heavy to float.  trees are too heavy to float in wind.  my friend didn't sleep for half a year. "if you don't sleep for a long time, you will die". you would not survive without sleep for that long.  humans must sleep to survive.  potatoes grow on the trees. potatoes are plants that live in the soil. in trees is not how potatoes grow.  potatoes are dug up.  bitter melon is sweet. bitter melon tastes bitter. sweet does not appear in the bitter melon.  bitter melon is bitter.  a badminton is round. badminton is umbrella-shaped. badminton is a handled rackets. a badminton is a name of a sport.  dragonflies like to collect honey. there is no relationship between dragonflies and honey. bees collect honey  not dragonflies. dragonflies do not have the ability to collect honey. there are more moons than stars. there is only one moon and countless stars. there are trillions more stars than moons.  research has not found more moons than stars.  fish live in the desert. fish can't live without water. fish must live in water.  "fish survive in water, and would die in the desert.". the dog can spread its tail. the dog's tail can't be divided into parts. a dog's tail is always too thin and linear to spread.  a dog cannot spread its tail because that would split its flesh in half.  the dog likes to play the piano. the dogs can't play the piano. dogs are not smart enough to be able to play a piano.  dogs do not have hands to play piano.  he celebrates his birthday three times a year. only one day a year is his birthday. "a birthday is the day a person is born, and people cannot be born three times.". birthday is a function which cannot celebrate more than a year.  you can live in a fireplace. people will burn if they live in a fireplace. fireplace is not for living. even an unlit fireplace would be too small and probably too dusty to live in.  he likes to turn on the fan in winter. the fan makes people feel more colder. fan in winter causes more coldness. "the winter is already cold, so a fan would only make it colder.". he drink much alcohol while exercise. drinking alcohol during exercise is unhealthy. alcohol cannot be drunk while exercise.  alcohol dehydrates you. poor grammar used in sentence.  washing powder can stop bleeding. washing powder has no medical effect. washing powder probably should not be used to treat bleeding injuries.  washing powder would be ineffective at stopping bleeding. the washing machine washes your hair. "washing machines are used to wash clothes, not hair". washing machine is a device which cannot wash the hair.  washing machines are made to wash clothes. a duck walks on three legs. a duck has only two legs. tripods have three legs.  a duck only has two legs.  the dog drives to and from work every day. dogs can't drive the car. dogs can not get driver's licenses and are only passengers.  driving cannot be done by the dogs.  the chicken wore a pair of shoes. chicken is an animal that doesn't need to wear shoes. chicken's have claws for feet and don't need to wear shoes.  chickens do not need shoes to walk.  my cat cooked a delicious meal. chicken doesn't have hands to cook. cats don't cook they don't know how. delicious meal cannot be cooked by the cat.  dad can drive two cars at the same time. human beings can't be separated. dad only has one pair of arms and legs and can only drive one car at a time.  no one can drive two cars at the same time.  shorts are longer than trousers. shorts are shorter than trousers. "trousers are ling pants, shorts are shorter in length.". trousers are long pants.  the nose can talk. the nose only has the sense of smell. the purpose of a nose is not talking.  nose are use to smell with. i can see the wind. the wind is invisible. "abstract cannot be seen ,we can only feel it.". we see the effects of wind rather than wind itself. the tongue is stronger than the teeth. the teeth are hard and the tongue is soft. teeth are made up of calcium which makes them stronger than to tongue which is so much flexible.  tongue is a very soft muscle. tom climbs to the sky. climbing to the sky is impossible for people. there is no structure built yet that makes it possible to climb all the way to the sky.  y=people cannot walk into the air. the garden has so many pigs. pigs don't live in the garden. pig would eat plants in the garden.  pigs are typically located within a paddock or barn.  i like to play basketball with my dog. dogs don't have hands to play basketball. dogs don't have hands to hold a basketball.  dogs do not know how to play basketball.  a book contains many libraries. a book is smaller than a library. a book contains many pages.  "a book may be in a library, but it does not contain any libraries.". most of the cola is composed of gold. gold elements are harmful. gold is a solid and cannot be made into soda.  "cola is a liquid, it doesn't composed of gold". he restored the rubik's cube with his eyes. his eyes can't touch rubik's cube. a rubik's cube needs to be physically restored.  he restored the rubiks cube with his eyes because  he saw the view.  charging treasure can charge the stomach. charging treasure can not be eaten. the stomach cannot be charged.  stomach does not need to charge by charging treasure.  the teacher planted a tree on paper.  paper can't provide nutrition to seeds. a tree cannot be planted on paper.  tree's need to be planted in the ground or in dirt.  my sister cut an iron column with scissors. iron is very hard. iron columns are to hard to be cut with scissors.  scissors cannot cut through iron.  i washed a glass of milk with soap bar. soap does not contain milk ingredients. a bar of soap would not wash a glass well.  you do not wash a glass when there is liquid in it.  i wash my feet with magma. magma has high temperature. magma is too hot to wash with. magma will burn the feet. camels can travel in the moon. the moon is very far away. "camels cannot fly, design spaceships, or naturally survive the journey to the moon.". moon is a place where camel cannot travel.  diamonds  in the down jacket. diamonds can't keep warm. diamonds are not used to provide insulation for jackets.  jackets are made from soft and sturdy materials.  the baby kangaroo got into bottle. bottle is too small. mother kangaroo has bag.  bottle is too small for baby kangaroo to fit in. jim is blowing his hair with ice. ice can't produce wind and heat. "one must blow their hair with something that blows, like air.". ice cannot blow air.  craftsman builds a house with water. water has no fixed shape. watet is a liquid that cannot help to build a house.  water is not solid.  pen is having breakfast. the pen is an item that cannot eat. pens don't eat. pens do not eat food.  tigers can turn into butterflies. tiger's shape is fixed. tigers do not go through metamorphosis.  tigers do not metamorphasize. my brother likes to eat durian peel.  durian peel is very hard. people eat durian fruit.  durian peel cannot be eaten.  the repairman fills the water into the tire. water  doesn't have fixed shape. "water would make tires heavy, provide almost no suspension, and probably burst as result.". a tire cannot run with water in it.  a monk going to make a hairstyle. monk has no hair. monks are bald and have no use for a hairstyle.  a monk cannot do hair. this people has existed for tens of thousands of years.  people's life is not so long. average life of humans is limited to near about 80-120.  fossil is not live human.  mother is frying eggs in a basketball. basketball can't heat other items. basketballs cannot cook anything.  basketball is not for frying eggs.  sea anemones can live on blue whale. blue whales will eat sea anemones. sea anemones cannot live on fish skin.  sea anemones are typically stationary plants found on the floor of seas or coral reefs.  he took the train to moon. the train can't fly. the moon is in outer space. trains only move on tracks on earth. mom is mopping the floor with an egg. eggs have no cleaning ability. egg does not need to mop the floor.  "eggs are eaten as food, and are not used to clean floors.". farmers are using chopsticks to smash. chopsticks are too small. "chopsticks are made to eat with, not to smash things.". chopsticks are too small and fragile to be used effectively for smashing.  mom puts oil on the flowers once a week.  oil does not provide the required ingredients. oil cannot be used to water the flowers.  oil would kill the flowers.  .the hen of the ranch lays ducks. ducks and chickens are two species. ducks are only layed by other ducks.  hens lay eggs.  grandma is cutting vegetables with paper. paper is not sharp. paper is not sharp enough. paper is not sharp or heavy enough to be used as a reliable alternative cutting tool.  jimmy took the tree out of the bag.  the tree is too big. tree is too big to be contained in a bad.  a tree is too large to fit into a bag.  uncle wiped the diamond  on the bread. diamonds cannot be eaten as food. the bread is to soft.  you cannot wipe the bread because the diamond is of solid matter.  grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings. the plane is too big. an airplane is to big. a airplane is too big to be used for stuffing.  i am going home to open the door with broom. the broom is larger than the lock hole. "the primary use for brooms is sweeping, not opening doors.". a broom is not used to open a door.  i saw an elephant with a microscope. the elephant itself is very large. it is not possible to see an elephant using a microsope.  an elephant is large enough to be seen by the human eye.  i am doing flying in a chair. the chair cannot float. a chair lacks the aerodynamic features required for flight.  a chair is not designed to fly.  he is using glass to remove a pencil mark. glass can not remove lead. he is removing a pencil mark by using an glass eraser. glass cannot remove a pencil mark.  the singer speaks through the vibrating hands. hands can't sing. hands do not produce sound when they vibrate.  sounds that are akin to speech are transmitted by the esophagus.  he glued the object with water. water is not sticky. water is not a connective substance. water does not stick and can not seal .  i wash my hair with glue. glue will make your hair stick. glue is sticky and not clean. glue makes your hair stick together.  the boss put the wine in the paper. wine will penetrate the paper. wine is a liquid that is not poured on paper.  wine drench paper but doesn't have the ability to be inside of it.  flamethrower sprays a lot of water. flamethrower will evaporate water. water extinguishes flames.  only flame can come through a flamethrower. the chef is sharpening the knife with glass. the hardness of the glass is not enough. glass will break if one put sharp objects against it.  glass is too soft to sharpen steel.  tiger can be drilled into small bottles. tiger's body can't shrink. tiger is too big to be in small bottles.  "drills are not used on tigers, and a tiger is far too large to fit into one even if they were.". lotus seeds floate in the air. lotus seeds can't fly. lotus seeds are not light enough to float in air.  "lotus seeds grow in the pond water, thus they would sink.". painter paints with water. water is colorless. water is a clear liquid that will evaporate when it dries.  painting requires one to use paints.  stone is caught in the burger. stone can't be used as food. burgers should not contain stone.  stones are not edible things to be kept inside burgers.  he is playing billiards with a toothpick. toothpicks are too small. a toothpick cant be used in billiards because it is too short and weak.  a toothpick is not sturdy enough to support a billards game.  uncle fires with ice cubes. ice cubes can't produce heat. ice cubes can not generate fire.  ice cubes are very cold.  the fishermen caught the monkey in the lake. monkeys are living on land. a monkey  cannot live in a lake.  monkeys aren't found in lakes. tom is eating with his hands. hands can't feed food. you cannot take in food through your hands as it has no openings.  tom is eating his hands because its a chalange. bears got into the sponge. bears are too big. sponges are too small for bears to physically get inside of one.  sponge is very small in size to get bears into it.  jimmy was sunburned by the moon.  the moon won't shine. "the moon reflects rays from the sun, and does not transmit uv rays itself.". a moon ' s light is too mild to cause sun burns.  he was stabbed with cotton. cotton  is very soft. cotton is too soft to stab with. "cotton is soft, not sharp.". he found the planet in the treasure chest.  the planet is huge. planet is a very large object which will hardly fit into a chest. so this sentence is nonsensical. planets are too large to fit in treasure chests.  mother uses a baking machine to melt iron. iron has a very high melting point. a baking machine does not get hot enough to melt iron.  baking machine is for baking cake not melting iron. he is manipulating the sun. the sun is uncontrollable. sun can not be manipulate. man does not have the power to manipulate the sun.  craftsman is painting the wall with water. water has no color. water is not effective for painting.  water is used to wash the wall  or as a solvant while painting. the factory is producing paper from glass. paper contains no glass. paper cannot be produced from glass as glass is not as flexible.  paper usually product from wood. dad is digging ears with knife. the knife is so sharp. a knife would cut the ear. knife is very dangersour for ears.  brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron. the temperature of molten iron is very high. molten iron is too hot to blow bubbles.  molten iron does not create bubbles. cousin carrying  whales to go to school. whales are too big. whales are too heavy to carry.  whales are too big to carry.  christmas tree producing apple. christmas tree is not a fruit tree. christmas tree does not produce any kind of fruit.  christmas trees do not produce apples.  tourists skating on the water. water can't provide enough support. water does not hold people up.  water is a liquid so you would sink. chickens are eating tiger. tiger is more powerfull than chickens. chickens are too small to eat tigers.  chickens are much smaller than tigers and the tigers would be eating the chickens.  bullfighter  is bullfighting with grass. grass is not attractive. grass are eaten by bulls. bullfighters can't fight grass as they are not agressieve by it. the bear in the sky are beautiful. the bear has no wings. bears are land animals incapable of flight.  "bears not fly ,they are terrestrial animal.". chef is making roast duck in the school bag. the school bag can't be hot. you can not roast things in a school bag.  school bags can't cook things.  mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out. dishwashing liquid can not emit fragrance. dishwashing liquid is not sprayed.  dishwashing liquid is only for dish.  farmers use water to extract oil. water does not contain oil. "there is no oil within water to extract, only oxygen and hydrogen.". to extract oil water cannot be used.  grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine. cutting machine can chop clothes. cutting machine is an equipment used to cut the clothes.  you cut fabric with a cutting machine.  tony is ironing with ice. ice cubes can't heat. to iron something there must be heat where as ice is cold.  ice will only make your hair wet.  grandfather uses iron to make bait. iron can not be eaten directly. bait is made with meet. iron is not food and would not attract fish to it.  workers build buildings with foam. foam  is too soft. foam lacks the structural integrity required to construct and support buildings.  foam is not used to build buildings.  people are drinking sand to quench their thirst. sand can not be drunk. thirst cannot be quench by drinking sand.  sand is not a liquid. pete bought a diamond lock. diamonds are very expensive. diamonds are too expensive to make locks from.  "it would be too difficult to craft a lock and all its mechanisms out of diamond, and impractical if trying to prevent theft.". mom is cooking in a pot made of sand. sand will be dissolved. sand on its own is comprised of small grains that cannot be shaped into an object designed for cooking.  you can't make pots out of sand. the performer changed his head in a flash. head is only one for everyone. a person only has one head.  heads stay the same.  he saw lions in the north pole. lions can't survive in the arctic. lions live in africa where it is hot and could not survive at the north pole.  it is too cold on the north pole for lions to survive.  apple is up after falling. apple has weight. apple cannot fly up.  an apple cannot fall up as it defies gravity.  jim is standing on tofu. tofu is too soft. tofu is too small to be used for standing.  tofu is a thing where jim cannot stand.  i saw outside the house through the wall.  the wall is opaque. it's not possible to see through walls.  a wall is not transparent and cannot be seen through.  she is waiting for the ship at the airport.  ship is in the dock. ships arrive at the docks.  airport is a place where ships don't wait.  dad pierced the board with eggs. board is harder than eggs. eggs are not strong enough to pierce wood.  eggs are too fragile to pierce anything. workers smelt iron from water. water does not contain iron. iron cannot be smelted from water.  water does not contain iron.  harry is sweeping the floor with a knife. knife can scratch the floor. "a knife doesn't have bristles, so it is an unrealistic tool to use for sweeping a floor.". knife is a device cannot used to sweeping the floor.  the gold fell in the sky. gold can not float. "gold is a mineral found in sedimentary deposits, not skies.". gold does not occur in the sky. fishes grows on the ground. fishes are living under water. fish live in water and would die on the ground. fishes cannot breathe on ground. a tiger is smoking. tiger doesn't smoke. "tigers do not have oppsosable, therefore cannot smoke.". tigers can not hold or smoke a cigarette.  jane wore a basketball today.  basketball is not cloth. basketball is for playing .  "basketballs are used for exercise, and are not worn as clothing.". the lighter ignited  iron. the melting point of iron is very high. iron can only be heated to melting.  lighters do not burn at the heat required to ignite iron.  the peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root. rabbits don't live in lotus roots. rabbits are too large to be on a lotus root.  rabbit does not stripped from the lotus root.  farmers are planting people. people can not be planted. farmers are can't plant people because they are to big. "people don't grow in the dirt, they do best in a house with their family, food, sleep, emotional, mental, and physical stimulation.". the excavator dug sun in the ground. the sun is far away. sun is in the sky.  the sun is in the sky.  the rabbit was killed by corn. corn has no lethality. corn is a food  item. corn is used for eating.  scientist looking for sharks in the grass. sharks living under water. sharks are only found in the ocean.  sharks cannot be found in the grass.  satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster. roller coaster is too huge. "roller coasters are not constructed at the cinema, they are built at amusement parks.". cinema do not have a roller coaster. he saw his father in the mirror. the mirror can only refract itself. you always see yourself in front of you in a mirror.  when you look in mirror you see yourself.  jimmy married an alien.  no aliens are found yet. aliens are not real. there is no proof that aliens exist so he did not marry one.  i sleep on a steel nail. steel nails are too sharp. steel nail is too small to sleep in.  steel nails would make it uncomfortable and will injure you.  harry plays golf in the internet cafe. there is no golf course in the internet cafe.  there are not golf courses inside of internet cafes.  there is not enough room to play golf indoors.  mother hung a shark on the wall. sharks living in the water. one could not hang a shark on the wall because it won't fit on a nail or a push pin.  sharks are very large animals that live in the ocean.  lunch at noon is paper. paper can not be eaten directly. paper is not edible.  "the purpose of paper is for writing, not human consumption.". bees are eating meat. bee is a herbivore. bees do not eat meat.  "bees do not eat meat of any kind, they are not carnivores.". dad is bigger than an whale. the whale is so huge. whales are the biggest mammals. whales are much bigger than people.  the tank can fly above the clouds. the tank can't fly. a tank is a ground vehicle. tanks are too heavy to fly.  the explorer crossed a galaxy. galaxy is far away. galaxy is too big to cross by the explorer. people can not travel to another galaxy.  the soldiers put basketballs into the pistol. basketball is too huge. "basketballs are not ammunition, and are too large to fit into a pistol.". basketballs would not fit into a pistol.  parkour man walking on the pool. pool can not provide buoyancy. pool is not for walking. parkour man only do tricks on streets and walls.  a hourse climbed to the top of the tree. horse can't climb. a horse is unable to climb.  "horses can't climb trees since they have hooves, not claws.". grandpa caught a blue whale. blue whale is very heavy. blue whale is a dangerous marine mammal. "whales are too large to be caught by a single person, much less by a single elderly person.". performer holding a car to walk the tightrope. the car is much heavier than people. a car is too heavy to hold and wouldn't help you balance.  a person would not be able to hold a car. mother puts the computer in the washing machine. the computer is fragile. "a computer would likely not be able to fit into a washing machine, and it would get ruined.". "if a computer gets wet, it will be ruined.". he broke his basketball. basketball  is flexible. it is not possible to break a basketball.  basketballs cant be broken they are full of air. photographer taking photos with headphones. headphones have no photography function. headphones are used for listening to audio.  there isn't a camera on headphones.  i put my clothes on the bathroom.  the bathroom is wet. a bathroom is generally indoors so items are placed in not on.  bathrooms are used for taking care of one's needs for expelling toxins and cleaning their bodies.  tom just went to mars for a tour. mars is so far away. humans not yet able to reach mars. mars is not easy to access.  jim found gold in the bread.  bread does not contain gold. bread is not a place where jim would find gold.  gold is not kept in bread. monkeys can fly. monkey can not float in the sky. monkeys cannot fly.  monkeys do not have wings.  rainbow is produced on sunny days. sunny days' air humidity is too low. sunny days does not have rainbow.  "rainbow occurs due to refraction of light through rain drops, so requires raining.". he grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine. dinosaur is extinct. a doll machine only makes dolls.  dinosaur is much bigger than the doll machine.  3d printing can print people. man is a conscious object. people are alive. people are born not printed. you can call underwater. water's ability of propagating sound. electronics don't work underwater.  phones don't work in water. the teacher taught the rabbit to talk. rabbit can't talk. rabbits cannot learn to speak.  rabbits do not talk.  alcohol can make you more powerful. alcohol has psychedelic effects. alcohol is a depressant. alcohol dulls your senses.  crocodile cubs can eat milk. crocodile is an oviparous animal. crocodiles are not mammals.  crocodile cubs are carnivores so they only eat meat.  i jumped high because gravity is small for me.  gravity is as big as everyone. gravity is a force and can not be measured by size.  gravity pulls the same on everything.  you don't feel hot because the sun itself is low. the surface temperature of the sun is very high. if the sun comes low it will definitely feel hot.  the height of the sun does not have any relevance to the heat it puts off. calendar can change the number of days. days can not be change. the number of days in a year is fixed. "a calendar only records how many days in a year, it does not choose.". practicing english allows you to be foreigners. english can not change yourself. you can't become foreigners. the language you speak does not dictate if you are native or not. he live under water. he can't breathe underwater. humans cannot breathe underwater.  people do not live under water.  you can break the cement column. cement column is so hard. a cement column is too strong to break.  cement column is not so weak to break so easily.  seagulls can eat blue whales. blue whale is too bulky. a blue whale is too large for a seagull to eat.  blue whales bigger than seagulls. the thermometer can change temperature. temperature does not change due to tools. a thermometer can only guage not change. a thermostat is used to change temperature.  people can raise lions in the water tank. lions can't live underwater. lions are not able to breathe water and prefer living on plains and savannas to living in water tanks.  lions live on the land.  i am traveling by turtle.  the speed of turtle is slow. you can not ride a turtle. a turtle is not a mode of travel.  the grass is covered with gold. gold has no sticky ability. grass would not be able to grow if covered with gold because gold is much too heavy.  gold does not build up on grass.  the desk lamp illuminates the room. diamond can't shine directly. the desk lamp cannot illuminate the room.  "desk lamps are for illuminating the darkness of the room , not the room itself". robots can eat food. robost have no digestive system. only live creatures eat food.  robots are non-living object they can't eat.  noodles are made of iron. noodles don't contain iron. iron is not an ingredient used when making noodles.  iron is not edible and cannot be used to make noodles.  i shot a mammoth with a gun.  mammoth has already become extinct. the ammunition used in a gun will only sting a mammoth.  mammoths are extinct.  grass is blossoming. grass has no stamen. grass doesn't blossom.  "grass can grow, but it doesn't blossom as it is not a flower.". rabbit sprays out venom. rabbit has no venom. snakes spray venom.  rabbits spraying venom is not a possibility. squeeze the iron on the bread. iron can not be eaten directly. iron is a solid material and therefore it is too hard to be squeezed. iron is much too strong to be squeezed onto bread.  grass can be made into a brush. the hardness of the grass is high. grass is not sturdy enough to make brush bristles out of.  brushes are made out of synthetic bristles.  the pen needs to absorb oil. oil can not write. oil is not a writing liquid for a pen. pen is a thing which cannot be used to absorb oil.  there is cloud in the sewer. cloud is in the sky. clouds are only in the sky.  sewers don't have enough clean water and heat for creating a cloud.  snakes can shine. snakes can't use their own to light. snakes do not shine.  snakes do not have light to shine. dad lights water. water can not be fired. we need light to read paper.  you can not light water because water puts out flame.  he is giving a massage to the hedgehog. the hedgehog's skin is so hard. nobody massages hedgehogs.  "people do not give massages to hedgehogs, there is no need for that.". he pierced the board with glass rod. glass rod is not sharp. a glass rod is too fragile to pierce a board. the glass would break.  leaves grow on the tigers. tigers is animal without leaves. a tiger is an animal and leaves can't grow on them. tigers do not carry out photosynthesis.  he put stars into the pot. stars is so far away. stars are in the sky they cannot fir in the pot. stars is much bigger than the pot.  monkey climbs the cloud. cloud is so far away. a cloud could not support a climbing monkey.  the cloud is in the sky.  i put a lion in my pocket.  lion is so huge. a lion is much too large to put in your pocket.  lions do not fit in pockets.  dad is surfing on the desert. the desert can not flow. surfing is possible only on water.  "surfing is done on bodies of water, not on sand.". he lit the cigarette with water. the temperature of the water is not high. water will lit off the cigarette.  fire is for lighting cigarettes not water. the seagull caught a whale. whale is too immense. a whale is too large for a seagull to pick up.  a whale is too heavy for a seagull to catch.  he picked bamboo from the tree. bamboo is living on the land. bamboo is the stalk therefore it is typically axed or shucked down.  bamboo is a tree on its own.  he is lying on the lake. lake can not provide enough float. you will sink if you try to lay in the lake. people cannot float on lakes.  water spray gun can barbecue. water gun can't fire. "water is not combustible, therefore it cannot be for the purpose of barbecuing.". barbecue cannot be made by water spray gun.  mosquito coil can kill spiders. spider immune mosquito coil. spiders are not affected by mosquito coils.  its called mosquito coil because it kills mosquito's. pete is watching movie with headphones. headphones have no display. people don't typically watch movies with headphones on. headphone are for listening not for watching.  kevin is getting a haircut with a razor. the razor is not sharp enough. "a razor is used to remove all hair or remove all hair in an area, not to trim hair.". razors are for shaving not for cutting  hairs.  this cat is hatching eggs. cat is a mammal. cat is a mammal. cat never hatch eggs.  he hit the gun target with a tank. the tank will blow up the gun target. tank is too big to be used for gun target.  gun target cannot done with a tank.  flytrap can catch tigers. tiger is too enormous. a tiger is too strong to be caught in a flytrap.  flytraps are very small compared to a tiger.  you can plant lotus on the ground. lotus growing in the water. not even sure if lotus is a plant.  "a lotus flower/plant grows in the water, not in the ground.". you can get barbecue in the book.  there is no food in the book. there is only pages and paper in books.  "a book can explain how to barbecue, but it cannot itself.". mary stayed in the sea for ten days.  mary can't breathe underwater. staying in salt water for ten days would most likely kill mary.  mary could not survive in water for 10 days.  mother is using the refrigerator to porridge. the refrigerator cannot heat food. porridge cannot be done by the refrigerator.  "the preparation of porridge requires heat, and a fridge is cold.". i am washing my hands with oil.  oil can't clean up stains. oil would make the hands greasy instead of clean.  oil cannot be used for washing hand.  uncle saw a dinosaur on the street. dinosaurs have long since become extinct. dinosaurs are imaginary animals that do not walk on streets. dinosaurs are extinct.  she woke up at twenty five o'clock today.  only 24 hours a day. a day has only 24 hours.  there is only 24 hours in a day.  he was scratched by the water. water is not sharp. water is non scratching.  "water does not scratch people, it is too yielding for that.". lumberjack cuts trees with tofu. tree is harder than tofu. "a tree is too big, heavy and round to cut tofu with .". "tofu is a type of food people eat, and do not have the sharpness required to cut a tree.". squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter. honey is not the food of squirrels. squirrel coarse does not eat honey.  squirrels don't eat honey.  eagle catches lions as food. lions are so colossal. a eagle is incapable of catching a lion as it does not have the power to lift it.  lions are above eagles on the food chain.  someone can pick up bullets by hand. the bullet is too fast. bullets move very fast. bullets are too fast to catch.  dad is riding at sea. sea can not provide enough buoyancy. you can't ride on the sea. sea is a place where we cannot ride.  he has some stones for breakfast every day.  stones can't be eaten and digested.  stones are inedible. stones are not edible.  i often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon.  peanut oil can't be drink directly.  peanut oil is not a drink.  peanut oil is used for cooking.  she often rides a bird to school.  birds are smaller than human.  birds are too small for people to ride on.  birds are too small for people to ride.  tom uses a microwave oven to call me.  microwave oven can't be used to connect with others.  telephone is use for call not microwave.  microwave ovens are used to cook food and are incapable of telecommunication.  mary has dinosaurs to play with.  dinosaurs are extinct.  dinosaurs are extinct.  people do not play with dinosaurs.  linda does her homework by nose.  nose can't be used to write.  nose is a part of body which cannot used to do her homework.  a nose cannot do any homework or hold a pen. mud is for drinking.  mud is dirty and has a lot of bacteria.  mud is a solid that cannot be drunk.  "mud is not a drinkable item, from mud we can make different crafts.". apples can be used to extract oil.  apples are oil-free.  oil is not present in spples.  there are no oils in apples.  air conditioners can freeze.  air conditioners' temperature will not be very low.  they cannot freeze because air conditioners do not get that cold.  "because air conditioners are used to cool air, not freeze items". we can cook in the toilet.  there are no cooking utensils in the toilet.  the toilet is too dirty for cooking. "for cooking we require pots,cylinder,gas stove etc that we don't find in toilet.". chopsticks are used for soup.  chopsticks cannot hold soup.  chopsticks can not hold liquid things.  "soup cannot be picked up with chopsticks, as it would just slide through.". paper can be used as a mirror.  paper does not reflect.  paper cannot reflect.  paper is  an  opaque object that cannot reflect.  baby combs his hair with a mirror.  mirror can't tidy baby's hair.  a mirror does not have the teeth necessary to comb hair.  a mirror can't comb hair.  flour supplements calcium in human body.  flour does not contain too much calcium.  milk powder supplements calcium in human body. flour is not a mineral in the human body.  cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays.  cream does not contain substances that protect against ultraviolet rays.  to protect skin against sun damage it must contain specific formulas.  cream isn't strong enough to protect against ultraviolet rays.  a sphere has six faces.  a sphere can only find a spherical surface.  "a sphere has no edges, therefore has no faces.". a sphere does not have six faces.  cut down trees with a hammer.  hammer has no sharp edge.  hammer doesn't has sharpness. a hammer cannot used to cut down trees.  the remote control charges the cell phone.  the remote control has no interface for charging the mobile phone.  a remote control does not give power to anything.  a remote control does not have power to charge the phone.  eye mask moisturizes the face.  "eye mask is very small, which only moisturizes the periphery of the eye.". eye mask is used to block light from the eyes.  the face is not  moisturized by eye mask.  the umbrella sheltered us from the haze.  haze is a fine particle that cannot be covered by an umbrella.  haze still affects visibility when you use an umbrella and is not blocked.  haze does not need to be sheltered by the umbrella.  masks can block the air.  masks are breathable.  air cannot be use to block the air.  air can get through masks.  nose can be used to see things.  nose has no optic nerve.  a nose is used for smelling not for seeing.  noses are used to smell things.  cut paper with glue.  glue has no sharp edge.  glue is liquid and paper is a solid.  glue doesn't have sharp edges used for cutting.  mirrors can be used to take pictures.  mirrors cannot be used to take and store photos.  mirrors only show what is in front of them at the moment and can not make a recording.  mirrors relect the images only.  masks can help us see things.  masks aren't something to put on your eyes to make your vision clearer.  a mask covers our face. "masks do not help us to see, and could make seeing more difficult.". body lotion protects our hands.  body lotion is used on the body.  body lotion is not just for hands.  our hands cannot protects by body lotion.  screens can keep out the wind.  there are many holes in the screens.  "screens are designed so as to allow some of the wind inside, not to keep the wind out.". screens are found on devices not walls.  i put my clothes in the cupboard.  the cupboard is used for storing bowls.  cupboards are used for dishes not clothes.  cupboard only contains cups and dish.  the dog barks to show its kindness to its owner.  the dog barks for brutality.  dogs bark to alert others.  a dog barks as a sign of distress.  he who does not play dies.  playing is not the whole of life.  survival does not depend on whether or not a person plays.  many people do not like to play and they still live.  mobile phones will explode without charging.  mobile phones without electricity will only affect their use.  without charging a mobile phone shuts down.  not charging your mobile phone only affects battery life.  southerners like to eat noodles.  "affected by the living environment, southerners seldom eat noodles.". noodles are a norther cuisine. southern dishes are based around rice.  we can use mirrors to learn.  there is nothing to learn in the mirrors.  mirrors are used for reflecting images.  a mirror does not contain any learning material.  ducks can fly.  ducks' wings can't fly.  ducks don't have the ability to fly as birds have.  ducks can only fly for a few seconds.  tigers love to eat carrots.  tigers are carnivores.  tigers are a carnivore.  "tigers are carnivores not herbivores, therefore would not eat carrots.". stones melt when heated.  stones are hard and will not melt because of heat.  stones need to be extremely hot to melt. stones are resited to heat.  people sneeze when they are tired.  "sneezing is a response to a cold, not fatigue.". sneezing is not a symptom of being tired.  people when they are tired do not sneeze.  ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores.  the lead core of an ordinary pencil is fixed in a wooden rod.  ordinary pencils already have maximum amount of led that it can contain.  ordinary pencils have no moving parts. the sun sets in the morning.  "the rotation of the earth causes the sun to rise in the east and set in the west, so people can distinguish between day and night, morning and night.". the sun sets in the evening and not in the morning.  according science the sun sets in the evening. astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space.  "ordinary clothes don't have the functions of radiation protection, heat insulation and air insulation, and can protect astronauts'lives.". ordinary clothes would not protect astronauts from low pressure.  ordinary clothing would not provide the types of protection necessary for survival in space.  the moon revolves around the sun.  the moon isn't a planet of the sun. . the moon revolves/orbits earth.  moon revolves around the earth. dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex.  "when male dragonflies meet the opposite sex, they change their way of flying and grab each other's head with their claws to make a courtship.". female dragonflies avoid male dragonflies.  dragonflies do not attract lovers.  football is played by hand.  football is played with feet.  "football is played with the foot, i.e 'foot'ball,  thus cannot be played by hand". foodball is played by foot.  we use the mouse to enter text.  "the mouse is used for clicking,and has no input function.". mouse is used to point. the mouse doesn't have any keys to enter data.  it is said that santa claus will give gifts on lantern festival.  "lantern festival is a chinese festival, and santa claus is a western legend.". santa claus is only known for giving gifts for christmas. "santa claus brings gifts on christmas, not on any other holiday.". plum blossoms blossom in summer.  plum blossoms are winter flowers.  this only happens in the spring. summer is not the season for plum blossoms.  lotus is the flower that lives on land.  land does not provide the water and nutrients needed for lotus growth.  lotus cannot survive on land.  "a lotus is also known as a water lily, so it does not exist on land.". people can absorb carbon dioxide.  people cannot photosynthesize.  carbon dioxide is poisonous to people.  carbon dioxide is harmful to humans.  koala is china's national treasure.  koala is australia's national treasures.  koala's are the national treasure of australia.  koala is australia's national treasure. we need to take our bag on rainy days.  our bag can't prevent us from getting wet in the rain.  your bag will get wet on rainy days.  a bag will not protect you from getting wet.  clouds come in seven colors.  "clouds are black, white and grey.". clouds are not colourful.  clouds are colourless. cicadas glow in the dark.  there is no light emitter on the cicadas' bodies.  cicadas do not emit light.  cicadas are not able to glow.  snails change their shells many times in their lives.  "as snails grow, their shells grow slowly, rather than changing them.". a snail's shell does not change in its lifetime.  snails only get one shell that grows with them throughout their lives.  flowers turn yellow in autumn.  flowers fade after flowering rather than turn yellow in autumn.  autumn is a season where the flowers don't turn yellow.  absence of photosynthesis process in flowers doesn't make it to turn yellow.  hippos live in the deserts.  deserts do not provide the water environment that hippos need to live in.  hippos need more water to survive than a desert climate provides. "hippos live in rivers, and deserts are too dry to have rivers.". tadpoles grow into butterflies.  tadpoles are larvae of frogs.  tadpoles turn into frogs.  tadpoles grow into frogs.  we wash dishes.with laundry detergent.  laundry detergent is specially used for laundry.  laundry detergent is for laundry not for dishes.  laundy detergent should not be consumed. silver can be used as a thermometer.  silver can't display temperature.  silver cant tell temperature. silver cannot be used as a thermometer.  water-splashing festival is a tibetan festival.  "water resources are scarce in tibetan areas, and the tibetan people save water very much.". water-splashing festival is a dai festival.  tibetan people do not celebrate water spalshing. the potala palace is a famous building in xinjiang.  the potala palace is a sacred place for the tibetan people.  potala palace is not famous in xinjiang. it is famous in tibet. the potala palace is not located in xinjiang.  einstein invented the light bulb.  einstein was a physicist. not an inventor.  einstein devolped many ideas from former scientist like edison.  the light bulb was invented before einstein.  wild geese hibernate in winter.  wild geese fly southward for winter instead of hibernating.  birds do not hibernate. geese do not hibernate.  flies bite and suck blood.  flies do not have biting sharp mouths.  flies do not bite even suck anyone.  flies do not have the capacity to bite.  cherry blossom is the national flower of the netherlands.  "cherry blossom is the national flower of japan, which is regarded as a treasure by the japanese.". tulip is national flower of netherlands. cherry blossom is the brand name not the flower.  pencils can be filled with ink.  "the lead core of a pencil is solid, which is different from the material of ink.". pencils are made of lead which can't be filled with ink.  pencils does not requires ink to be filed.  xiaoming measured the length with a knife.  a knife has no scale for measurement.  a knife is used for cutting and is not a reliable tool for measurement.  knife does not help to measure the length.  cucumber juice is red.  cucumber is rich in green pigments.  cucumber juice is green.  cucumbers are green. mother works in the box.  the box is smaller than mother's body.  the box is too small to work.  mother is much bigger than the box.  dad goes to work by spaceship.  dad didn't have the money to fly in a spaceship.  you only travel on a spaceship to leave earth.  spaceship is use in space not on earth for tansport.  my brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back.  "if you go to school with firecrackers on your back, the school will not let your brother in.". firecrackers are dangerous. "people don't walk around with firecrackers tied to them, let alone go to school with them where they can potentially be kicked out.". the classroom assigns homework to the students.  there is no thought in the classroom and it will not move.  a classroom is a physical area.  classroom is not the living entity. mary is walking her dinosaurs.  dinosaurs and mary did not live in an era.  dinosaurs cannot be walked.  dinosaurs are extinct. bob bathed in mud.  "mud was dirty, so bob couldn't bathe in it.". mud is too dirty for effective bathing.  mud will get you dirt.  the teacher is correcting the literature.  teachers have no right to revise documents.  teachers never change the contents of any of the literature they teach.  literature is taught by teacher. the mother tongue of chinese is english.  english is the mother tongue of western countries.  chinese uses chinese language to speak at home.  english is spoken mainly in the u.s.a.  tattoos are traditional chinese cuisine.  china is not accustomed to eating raw meat like tattoos.  tattoos cannot be eaten as food.  tattoos are not edible.  we wear cotton jackets in summer.  it's very hot to wear cotton jacketa in summer.  "we wear loose clothes like shirts,t-shirts in summer not jackets.". cotton jackets are too warm for summer. my uncle picks fruit in winter.  trees don't bear fruit in winter.  the winter is too cold for fruit to be able to grow.  winter is not the ideal season for fruit picking due to cold weather conditions.  kevin took the dog to the rocket.  dog can't get on rockets.  a rocket is not a suitable object for a dog to interact with in any sort of way.  they do not let dogs on or even near rockets.  daisy put the food in the air conditioner.  there can't be anything in the air conditioner.  air conditioners are not designed to hold food of any kind.  air conditioner is for cooling the room not for keeping food.  joan soaked the tea in oil.  oil can't be used to make tea.  you can not drink oil. tea cannot be soaked in oil since it is not soluble.  people with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses.  the dishcloth is dirty and not suitable for runny nose.  dishcloth cannot be used to wipe the nose.  dishcloth is only for dish wiping.  the steak is cooked in a bowl.  a bowls can't be used to fry steaks.  steak cannot be prepared properly in a bowl.  "you can eat food out of a bowl, but you can not cook food in a bowl.". george wore a pyjamas to work.  pyjamas can only be worn at home. it's not appropriate to wear it to work.  pyjamas should not be worn outside your home.  it would be frowned upon to wear pyjmas to work because they are meant for sleeping.  grandma knits with clouds.  clouds are made of water vapor and cannot be made of cloth.  clouds can't be used to knit. "clouds is not a type of weaving material to knit,also clouds are present in sky.". programmers use looms to program.  the loom does not have the function of programming.  looms are not devices.  "looms are used for weaving fabric, and have nothing to do with programming.". aunt folded up the glass.  thw glass is hard and cannot be folded.  you can not fold glass because it would break.  glass needs to be really hot to be folded. cloth bags are waterproof.  cloth bags are woven with thread and absorb water.  cloth bags cannot be waterproof.  "unless it undergoes a special treatment, cloth will always get wet.". girls use toilet paper to remove makeup.  toilet paper will break when it meets water. it can't be used to remove makeup.  toilet paper is a thing which cannot use to remove the makeup.  toilet paper would be bad at removing makeup. ancient people used ice for heating in winter.  ice is cold and do not provide heat.  ice is cold.  ice slightly lowers air temperature and does not warm it.  normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day.  drinks are not a daily necessity.  repetition of the word drink.  drink is an alcohol and its not good for health. people brush their teeth with a comb every day.  "a comb is used for combing hair, not for brushing teeth.". comb is for hair not for teeth. comb is used on hair not teeth.  birds like to eat bones.  a bird's mouth can't bite bones.  birds eat worms and bugs.  birds would choke on bones. ancient people used monkeys to grind.  monkeys are naughty and light. they are not suitable for human grinding.  monkeys are too weak to be used for grinding.  monkeys cannot held people on them.  bees go out to gather dew to make honey.  bees do not make honey by eating dew.  bees are not able to gather dew.  dew is the wrong ingredient to make honey.  the crow sings very well.  the crow can only quack and its voice is very bad.  crows are not known for their singing and they make an annoying noise.  crows emit a squawking sound that is very unpleasant to listen to.  the courier delivered the goods to his home.  the courier is not a delivery profession.  the courier did not know the address. courier's deliver goods to the homes of others.  the operator translated the speech to the audience.  the operator's duty is not to translate.  an operators job is to direct things like people or motorized vehicles to a desired person or place.  an operator does not serve as a translator.  the programmers designed and built downtown buildings.  the programmers' job is to program by computer.  "programmers can do coding on computers ,they cannot build and design downtown buildings.". programmers build computer programs.  traffic police stand guard at home.  traffic police manage traffic at intersections.  "the job description of traffic police is to guard traffic on a road, not at home.". traffic police do not stand guard at home as their homes are safe and without moving cars.  teachers cleaned the roadside.  teachers'job is to teach and educate people.  teachers are supposed to teach. teachers teach students in the classroom.  the conductor is selling goods to customers.  ticket sellers are responsible for selling tickets at stations or scenic spots.  a conductor drives a train and is not a salesman. a conductors job is to conduct a train safely.  peony flowers are sent on valentine's day.  "peony stands for elegance, not for valentine's day.". peony flowers are not traditional on valentine's day.  peonies are not traditionally a romantic flower to give people. a tie is used to tie the waist.  "the tie is worn on the collar, not on the waist.". a tie belongs on the neck.  a tie is worn around one's neck.  a strong wind kills people.  "a strong wind will blow people uncomfortable, but not life-threatening.". wind can not hurt anyone.  "strong winds are very common and if they were deadly many people would die daily,". people bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine.  tetanus vaccine has no effect on rabies virus.  there is no vaccine for colds and you cannot get a cold from a dog bite.  cold vaccine not exists.  gloves protect your feet from being worn out.  "gloves are not worn on the feet, they protect the hands.". gloves are never put on your feet.  gloves are worn on your hands. books record what happens every day.  books are not real-time and do not record the events of the day.  books are used to record what happens over longer periods of time and not day-to-day.  recorder keeps the track of the every day happenings.  the ship ran on the road.  the ship traveled in the sea.  ships are in the water. ships are only used for transportation in water. i wipe my hair with a quilt.  quilts can get wet when they are used to wipe hair.  a quilt is too large to be used as a towel and it is not designed to soak up water and then dry.  quilts are used for decoration and warmth.  the eyes are in the glasses box.  the eyes grow on people's faces.  the eyes are located in skull eyeholes.  box never made of eyes.  milk can refresh people.  milk promotes sleep and does not refresh people.  milk does not have caffeine. milk has no additives that would refresh someone. coffee beans are used to grind cocoa.  cocoa beans are ground powder.  cocoa is made from cocoa beans.  cocoa is made from cocoa beans. flower tea is fermented tea.  flower tea is fried by mixing flowers and tea.  flower tea is not fermented.  flower tea is only dry tea.  sugar can make vegetables salty.  sugar is sweet. it makes the food sweet.  sugar adds a sweet flavor to consumables.  sugar is sweet.  the wool is used to transmit electricity.  the wool is an insulator and the current does not pass through.  "wool is not a conductor, therefore it cannot transmit waves of current.". to transmit energy we cannot use the wool.  squids live in rivers.  squids live in the sea and there is not enough salt in the river.  squids only live in oceans.  "rivers are fresh water, and squids live in salt water.". strawberries grow on trees.  strawberries grow in bushes.  strawberries grow out on the ground.  "strawberries grow on bushes, not on trees.". wool comes out of wolves.  wolf hair is wolf's hair.  wolves have fur not wool. wolves fur is not used for clothing.  mosquito nets can keep out the sun.  mosquito nets are transparent and do not shield from sunlight.  mosquito nets are transparent.  sunlight is small enough to pass through a mosquito net.  the steel film can protect the mobile phone shell.  "the steel film is not attached to the mobile phone shell, and can not protect the shell.". you can't cover the entire phone. mobile phones do not have shells. fish breathe through their skin.  the respiratory organ of fish is gill.  fish breath through gills.  skin does not use to breathe for fishes.  girls tie their hair with wires.  wires have no elasticity and friction and cannot be used to tie hair.  wires are not used by girls to tie their hair.  wires are stiff and inflexible.  plastic bottles can hold boiling water.  plastic bottles melt at high temperatures.  boiling water will melt the plastic bottle.  plastic bottles are not strong enough for boiling water.  the singer sings with his feet.  the feet cannot sing.  feet are not voicable.  "feet make for better drummers, they aren't the most vocal.". the doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control.  the remote control can't transmit the sound of heartbeat to the doctor.  remote controls are used to adjust settings during the operation of electronics.  remote controls do not help doctors hear things better.  the nurse injected the patient with a bandage.  "a bandage does not have needles to pierce the skin, nor can they hold liquids.". a bandage is used for external wounds.  a bandage covers a spot after you have been given an injection but it is not pointy and can not give an injection.  the tailor makes clothes with a tv set.  a tv set can't be used to make clothes.  a tv set has no way of making clothes.  "a tailor could learn tailoring skills by watching tv, but he can only tailor by his own hands.". the stewardess works on the spaceship.  there is no stewardess on board.  spaceship is a place where the stewardess does not work.  spaceships have astronauts.  the cook stirs the dishes with a spoon.  the spoon is very inconvenient for cooking.  spoon is very small cutlery which is difficult to stir the dishes. spoon is too small to stir the dishes. the barber cut his hair with soap.  soap does not cut hair.  "soap is not sharp, and cannot be used to cut anything.". a soap cannot be used to cut hair.  charger can be used to listen to music.  the charger can't play music.  a charger is used to replenish battery and is not designed to transmit audio.  to listen music ear phone is required and to charge a mobile charger is required.  the car ran on the railway.  the car can't run on railways.  tire are not made to run train tracks.  you can not drive on tracks. linda puts the snacks in the washing machine.  snacks will dirty the washing machine.  washing machine is a thing where we cannot put the snacks by linda.  to store snacks jars/containers are used not washing machine.  lip gloss can make lips red.  lip gloss is colorless and does not add color to your lips.  lip gloss is to make lips look  glossy not red. lip gloss cannot always make lips red as it depends on how you apply it.  "there are lions, elephants and tigers in the park.". there are no big animals in the park.  those wild animals are only kept in controlled environments and are not freely left to rome among people.  these animals do not belong in a park. there are small fish in the sky.  small fish live in water and cannot fly in the sky.  fish do not exist in the sky.  fish only live in the water. pilots drove the tank.  pilots don't drive tanks professionally.  tanks are not operated by airplane pilots.  the word pilot is a title given to people who are trained in the field of aviation.  family teachers teach small animals.  small animals do not need to be taught by tutors.  small animals lack the intelligence required to process the education offered in schools for humans.  no one can teach animals.  the cameraman made up the actors.  actors have makeup specialists.  actors can't be created by a cameraman.  "cameramen film real life situations, people, and things.". the washing machine can be used to heat food.  the washing machine does not have the function of heating food.  "washing machines are used to clean clothing, not for the heating of the food.". washing machine does not get heated to heat food.  the mat can be used to keep warm.  "the mat is cool, it will make people cooler.". a mat is used for the floor.  mats do not provide heat.  milk powder can be used to brush teeth.  milk powder has no function of cleaning teeth.  milk powder is used to cook.  milk powder is a thing which cannot used to brush the teeth.  mineral water can be used to blow bubbles.  the mineral water is not sticky and the bubbles will burst soon.  blow bubbles cannot be used to mineral water.  soap water can make bubbles not mineral water.  sugar pills can cure diseases.  sugar pills can not be targeted for the treatment of diseases.  sugar pills will increase sugar level and this will led to cause some serious diseases.  sugar has no medicine in it. the paper can prevent water from leaking.  the paper absorbs water and water leaks out.  when paper is wet it gets weak.  "paper is a non-waterproof item ,it cannot protect from leaking.". potato chips are made of cucumbers.  cucumbers are not the raw material for potato chips.  "cucumbers would only make cucumber chips, which isn't a thing.". cucumbers are not used to make potato chips.  the powder box can be used to put glasses.  the powder box is smaller than the glasses.  a powder box is used for storing powder.  for power there is a power box not for glasses. tricycles run on the highway.  tricycles are not allowed to go on high speed.  highway is a place where the tricycle does not run.  "tricycles are too small, slow, and unsafe to be used on highways.". people run on non-motorized lanes.  people are not non-motor vehicles.  non-motorized lanes is a place where people cannot run.  people run on the sidewalk and not in a lane.  ice block protects the hand from frostbite.  ice can cause frostbite.  "frostbite is from cold temperatures, like ice.". frostbite cannot be protect from the ice block.  the locks need hair to open.  hair won't lock.  a lock is assigned a very specific sequence to access.  locks need the key to open. ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts.  there was no calculator in ancient times.  calculators are a modern invention.  calculators did not exist in ancient times.  lawyers use the force to sue.  it is wrong to bring a lawsuit by force.  lawyers are abide by court and court follows law to sue.  the force is from a fictional movie and is not something that can be used in actual life. reporters use cups to interview.  cups cannot amplify and record sound.  cup is a device that cannot be used in the interview.  people drink out of cups.  the painter draws with his hair.  hair can't be used as a drawing tool.  "a person cannot physically draw with their hair alone, hair is not a muscle that can be controlled.". hair contains no ink. pianists use their tongue to play the piano.  the tongue is not flexible enough to play the piano.  tongue is used to taste the food. a piano is not an instrument played with by tongue.  sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt.  the cotton swab has no sharp edge of a knife.  cotton swabs are too dull and soft to sculpt anything.  cotton swabs are not sharp enough for sculpting.  the typist typed with a mouse.  the mouse has only two keys and cannot be used for typing.  a mouse is used to point and click.  a mouse is an animal. the bartender mixes wine with his mouth.  it's not hygienic to mix wine with your mouth. nobody wants to drink it.  a bartender cannot do that as it would return saliva in the wine.  for mixing wine bartender can use glass not mouth.  bear is blaming others. . bear's wisdom is not enough. bears do not cast blame on others or particularly care who is at fault.  bears are not humans and do not know what it means to blame.  he watered the flowers with gasoline. gasoline hurts flowers. gasoline would ruin plants.  gasoline wold kill flowers.  ton feeds tigers with bamboo. tigers don't eat bamboo. tigers would not be satisfied eating bamboo.  tigers do not eat bamboo.  sam sewed clothes with sticks. the stick is thick.  sticks are too thick to be used for sewing.  sticks would be ineffective for sewing. he refrigerated himself with heating. heating is very hot. heating makes him hot not cool. refrigerators are cold. he pushed the house by hand. house is heavy.  house is a place which is so strong that cannot be pushed.  a house is too heavy to push. wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion. lion is an animal. a wardrobe lion is not something that is real or can be used.  lion is a wild animal.  he eats steel.  iron and steel cannot be eaten. steel would break his teeth.  human cannot digest steel.  people eat with stones. stones is too hard to eat. stones cannot be used to eat food.  stones cannot be digested.  people plant stones in the land.  stone cannot be planted. stones is a thing which cannot be planted in a water.  stones don't grow so it would be pointless to plant them.  crocodiles in the desert. crocodile in water. crocodiles are semi aquatic reptiles so they cannot live in desert.  crocodiles live in water. ants in the sea. ants on land. ants would drown and die in the sea.  ants live on the land.  elephants eat meat. elephants are vegetarian. "elephants are herbivores, so meat is not a part of their diets.". elephants are herbivores and eat plant matter.  dog is cooking.  dogs can't use kitchen utensils. dogs do not have thumbs to help them cook.  a dog can't cook as they are to small and don't understand how to cook. he clipped the elephant with chopsticks. elephant is too big.  chopsticks are not effective to clip an elephant.  chopsticks are utensils.  bob cut the steel plate with a knife.  steel plate is harder than knife. steel plate is very hard.  a knife is not sharp enough to cut through steel.  gloves protect the feet. gloves are not on your feet. gloves are for hands.  gloves are not worn on the feet.  chimpanzees are playing with computers. chimpanzees can't play with computers. chimpanzees do not know how to use computers.  chimpanzees do not know how to play with computers yet.  monkey is driving.  monkeys are not smart enough. monkey is wild animal.  a monkey cannot drive.  tiger is eating vegetables. tigers are carnivores. vegetable is a thing that cannot eat by the tiger.  "tiger is carnivore  , so he will not it vegetables.". dolphins combing their hair. dolphins have no hair. dolphins do not know to comb. dolphins do not have hands to comb hair with.  dog is pushing the box.  dogs have no hands. a dog is not strong or smart enought to push a box.  dogs do not have hands to push things.  snakes wearing shoes. snakes have no feet. snakes don't have feet.  snakes do not have legs or feet.  pandas drink water from cups. pandas don't have cups in their hands. pandas drink water directly from a lake or river.  pandas are not civilized enough to use cups.  dog is pruning the flowers and grass. dogs don't use tools.  dogs do not know how to garden.  dogs arent gardeners. ant is correcting the composition. ant iq is not enough to modify the composition. ants are not smart enough or able to correct any composition.  bob is revising his composition. he washed his feet in a cup of water. a water glass is smaller than a foot. a cup of water will not be enough to wash his feet.  a cup of water is too small in volume to be used for washing feet.  he clings to the tree with a stick. stick is not sharp enough. stick cannot be used to cling to the tree.  a stick can not clasp or grab onto things.  needle is at the mouth of the bottle.  needle is smaller than bottle mouth.  a bottle does not consist of s needle.  "a needle is usually a thin, sharp object that can easily puncture skin, injuring a person.". human respiratory gas. gas is poisonous. human take oxygen from air and pop out co2.  respiratory gas means any gas that takes part in the respiratory process. he looks at the scenery with chopsticks. chopsticks can't see the scenery. chopsticks is a form of cutlery.  chopsticks are for eating.  mouse is made of rubber. rubber is softer than mouse. rubber cannot used to make mouse.  rubber is a material that would not make a good mouse.  people fight with cups. cup can't hurt anybody.  cups are not weapons and cannot fight.  cups are not reliable weapons to use in a fight.  shoes shine on the earth. shoes don't shine. shoes does not produce light. shoes are not large enough to shine on the entire earth.  refrigerators cook food. refrigerator refrigerated food. refrigerators are used for keeping things cool but not to cook.  one can keep food in refrigerators not for cooking.  people eat with their feet.  foot cannot eat. feet can not be used to bring food to your mouth.  feet is a part of the body which does not need to eat.  he cut his hair by hand. hand is a constant haircut.  a hand is not sharp enough to cut hair.  hand is part of the body which cannot use to cut his hair.  driving is good for the environment. driving is not conducive to the environment. driving emits toxic fumes. while driving vehicles emits smoke. bears recite words. bears have no memory for memorizing words. recite words does not done by the bears.  bears are unable to recite words yet.  snake is doing homework. snakes have no hands to do their homework. snakes are not smart enough to do homework.  "snakes are reptiles, and they lack the intelligence necessary to develop into a civilized species that can do homework.". dogs are teaching students. dogs don't have enough knowledge to teach students. students cannot taught by the dogs.  dogs are not able to talk or communicate with words.  the table is fighting.  the table is incapable of action to fight.  a table is an inanimate object. table is not living thing to fight. lamp is running in the race. lamp has no legs. a lamp is an object and cannot move or run in a race.  a lamp does  not have legs. ants in the exam. ants don't need exams. ants are insects. ants are not intelligent enough to take exams.  the sun is speaking.  the sun speaks without a mouth.  non living things can't speak only they can produce sound after hitting some other objects.  the sun does not speak.  pliers are repairing the air conditioner. clamps are incapable of repairing air conditioners. pliers are an inanimate object. pliers cannot fix air conditioning by themselves.  bottle is peeping at others.  bottles without eyes. peeping does not done by the bottle.  a bottle is an inanimate object that does not have eyes.  dog is cleaning.  dogs can't clean. cleaning must be done by someone with opposable thumbs.  dog cannot clean.  snake is turning over the wall. snakes have no feet to climb over walls. a snake does not turn over a wall.  snakes don't climb walls.  stone is playing basketball. stone has no hands to play basketball. stones are inanimate objects that lack the ability to move.  stone is not human. bag is cheating. bag has no mobility. "a bag is an object, a non-living thing.". cheating is an act and bags are not living to act.  mobile phones are moving tables. mobile phones have no hands to move tables. mobile phones are an inanimate object. "mobile phones do not have the necessary appendages to move tables, and are also much too small for that.". dolphin lost his hair. dolphins have no hair. "a dolphin has a smooth, thick layer of skin that does not contain oil glands for hair.". dolphins do not have hair to lose.  clothes breathing. clothes have no respiratory system. clothes aren't living things and don't breath.  breathing does not done by the clothes.  stick is drinking protein powder.  stick has no mouth to drink protein powder. sticks do not drink liquids.  stick is kind of solid. people are playing movies.  people has no playback function. people cannot play movies.  the technology required to play movies is not a component of human physiology.  books have a crush on girls. books are not human beings. books do not have feelings or crushes.  books do not have feelings.  sheep are eating mutton. sheep are herbivores. sheep do not eat mutton.  mutton is cooked sheep.  apple is a national brand. apple is an american brand. notional brand does not include apple.  apple is a commercial brand.  bicycle control computer. bicycles have no control. bicycle is a vehicle. bicycle is a mean of transportation.  stone is fighting. stone can't act on its own.  stone is not living thing to fighting.  a stone is an inanimate object. tom charged it with wood.  wood does not provide electricity.  wood does not give anything electricity.  it is impossible to use wood for charging since it is a poor conductor.  water can burn. water is a non-combustible substance. water is not flammable.  water can boil and evaporate but it cannot be burned.  united states is chinese. united states is a country. united states is american.  the united states and china are separate countries.  dog is taking pictures.  dog have no photographic function. a dog cannot operate a camera. "the dog could be picking up the pictures with his or her mouth, actually clicking the camera and focusing would be impossible.". wood is breathing air.  wood has no respiratory system. "wood does not have lungs, so it is incapable of breathing.". wood is not a living thing.  stone invented air conditioning. stone is not smart enough. stones are inanimate objects incapable of thought.  air conditioning is a device which cannot be invented by the stone.  ants are building houses.  ants are too small. ants can build anthill not houses.  ants are too small and lack the intelligence required to build houses as humans know them.  bacteria are digging their ears.  bacteria have no ears. bacteria doesn't have ears. bacteria is too microscopic to be able to visibly dig out or into ears.  monkeys are playing games.  monkeys are not smart enough. monkeys cannot playing games.  monkeys do not play actual games.  sleeping pills help refresh. sleeping pills help sleep. to be refresh we cannot use sleeping pills.  sleeping pills help to fall asleep. sugar water is very salty.  sugar water is very sweet.  sugar water tastes sweet.  water containing sugar would be sweet.  coal is a clean energy. coal is harmful to the environment. coal releases a lot of co2 into the atmosphere.  coal cannot be used to increase air quality so it is not a clean energy.  pure water makes people fat. pure water has no calories. water is known for keeping people fit and healthy due to it's properties for hydrating and healing the body.  pure water has no calories.  dolphins cutting their nails. dolphins have no nails. dolphins do not have hands or feet or any nails to cut.  dolphins do not have nails to cut. lions make shoes. lion had no hands to make shoes.  "lions do not have opposable thumbs, therefore incapable of constructing a shoe.". lions are wild animals.  crocodiles eat with chopsticks. crocodiles can't use chopsticks. crocodiles do not have hands to hold chopsticks.  crocodile are animal and don't eat with utensils. students should select class representatives. students have no right to choose class representatives. "teachers are senior than students ,they have only rights given by school administration to select class representatives.". students may not make the best decision. stone are quarrelling. stone has no mouth to quarrel with. non living things cannot quarrel.  stone is an object and it is not a the living thing.  bucket sits on the chair.  buckets without butts. "people sit on chairs, and buckets do not.". a bucket is inanimate and cannot sit. stone is swimming. stone is incapable of swimming. stones sink.  stones are known to sink when placed in water.  dolphin's switching his pen.  dolphins have no fingers to turn pens. dolphins cant walk from one area to another.  a dolphin does not use a pen.  wood is reading the text aloud.  wood has no mouth to read the text.  wood is an object and doesn't have an ability to read.  wood is not living and can not read.  iron bar is correcting work. iron bar has no thought to correct the homework. iron bars are inanimate objects incapable of the ability to correct work.  to correct the work we cannot use iron bar.  machines are producing life. life cannot be made by machines. life only comes from other life.  life is a feeling. . bosses hire contract. contract has no right of employment. "a contract cannot be hired, it is given to someone who is hired.". the workers hire contract.  schools should pay tuition fees. schools should collect tuition fees. tuition fees are not paid by schools.  tuition fees cannot be paid by the schools.  pen is writing.  pen has no writing ability. pen cannot be writing.  a pen is an inanimate object the can not make an action on it's own.  stone can blossom. stone has no life to blossom. stones are not the flowering type.  stone does not grow flowers.  table needs electricity.  table does not have the power to collect electricity. a table does not need electricity to function.  tables do not need to be powered to function.  sam raised the mountains.  mountains are too heavy.  mountains are too big to lift. mountains are much larger. he's eating eggshells.  eggshells are inedible. eggshells are not a part of the egg that people eat.  eggshells cannot be eaten.  bear invented the light bulb. bear's iq is not enough to invent a light bulb. bears lack the intelligence required to have an understanding of science.  humans invent things.  myopic mirror is convex lens. myopia mirror is concave lens. myopia requires a concave lens to help fix it.  myopic mirror does not have any lens.  hat strapped to the feet. hat on your head. hats arent worn on the feet. "if you strap a hat on your feet, you will step on it and ruin it.". lions are eating trees. lions are carnivores. lions are meat eaters.  lions are carniverous animals. sam is watching variety shows on stones. stone has no monitor. stones are inanimate objects.  sam cannot be watching shows on stones.  tin plays football with his hand.  rule of football is not to play by hand.  "in european football, barring a few exceptions, it is illegal to play the ball with your hands.". football is played with foot.  tom bathed in magma.  magma is harmful to human body. magma would melt tom very quickly.  water is used to take a bath. people can predict earthquakes.  people's science and technology can't predict earthquakes yet.  "special equipment can predict earthquake, people don't have this capability.". feeling and prediction are two different capabilities.  stone is human's energy source. stone has no energy as energy. stone has no energy.  stone is not energy source.  basketball was invented by monkeys. monkey's iq is not enough to invent basketball. monkeys could not invent anything.  "monkeys do not have the intelligence required to create sports, and basketball was invented by a canadian.". moon revolves around the sun. moon's orbit is around the earth. the moon is a sallelite of the earth. the moon is in earth's gravity. cars should pass at red lights. traffic law stipulates that red lights are not allowed to pass. redlight does not require to pass the cars.  "it is universal knowledge that if a light is red, it means vehicles need to stop.". watermelons grow on trees. watermelon is a vine plant. "watermelons grow on vines on the ground, not on trees.". watermelons do not come from trees and are known to grow from the ground itself.  people drink seawater. seawater cannot be absorbed by the body. seawater cannot be drink by the people.  seawater is salt water and will kill you if you drink too much of it.  sam uses oil to put out fires.  oil can fuel a fire.  oil would make a fire worse.  oil causes fire to spread.  wendy charged his cell phone with a stone. stone does not contain the energy needed by mobile phones. stones does not have electricity. stones are not a source of energy.  airplanes fly in the seawater. seawater can't carry airplanes. nothing can fly in the seawater.  airplanes fly in the air and would need to float on water.  haze is an energy source. haze does not provide energy. haze does not have any energy.  haze acts as more of a filter and blocks and limits the sun from reaching earth.  people keep warm with water. water has no warming effect.  water is cold. water is naturally cold and cannot help to keep warm.  he is washing clothes with coffee. coffee stains clothes. "a coffee would stain clothes, not clean them.". coffee is not used to wash clothes.  he uses a basin to hold a whale.  whales are much bigger than pots.  a basin is too big for a whale.  a basin is used to hold small amounts of water and is incapbale of holding large animals.  people can see things in the dark. people's eyesight can't see things in the dark. the human eye does not see in a spectrum required to easily view objects in darkness.  a human' eye cannot see in the dark.  nuclear waste can be recycled. nuclear waste is a non-recoverable resource. waste can be recycled. nuclear waste is not recyclable.  he clamped walnuts with pillow. pillows are much softer than walnuts.  a pillow is too soft to clamp walnuts.  pillows are too soft for cracking walnuts.  fire is very cold.  fire is very hot.  fire emits heat. fire is hot it burns. black pigments can bleach. black pigments can be dyed black. black pigments are colours. bleach takes the color out of pigment.  linda is driving a house.  houses do not move and drive. a house does not have wheels to be driven.  a house is typically a stationary kind of thing.  english is the most widely used language in the world. the number of people using english is not the largest.  more of the world's population speak mandarin than english.  english is currently the second most used language in the world.  ton brushed his teeth with a knife. a knife can hurt a person's mouth.  knives are used for cutting and would cut gums and tissue.  teeth will bleed if a knife is used to brush. fucv's eating stone. stone cannot be digested by human body. stone's are not edible.  stone cannot be digested.  linlin goes to school by whale.  whales are not vehicles. whale is in the sea.  people don't ride whales as a form of transportation.  sam is listening to the lectern. there is no wisdom on the platform.  a lectern cannot talk.  sam can look or touch a lectern but unless it has a microphone with a speaker she would have a hard time hearing it.  ton's drawing with rubber.  rubber can't leave a mark on paper.  rubber is a material that can be used for tires but cannot be used very well to make markings or drawings.  one draws with a pen or pencil.  chalk contain knowledge. chalk can't carry knowledge.  chalk is inert mineral.  chalk is only a material used for writing.  bed sheets can heat water.  bed sheets have no heating function. bed sheets do not output heat.  bed sheets provide warmth and water would only counter act that.  animals can photosynthesize. animals do not have chloroplasts. only plant can do photosynthesis.  only plants can photosynthesize.  lions blood sucking. lions have no blood sucking function. lions  do not have suckers to suck blood.  lions eat flesh and do not suck blood. tiger is grazing.  tigers are carnivores. a tiger is a carnivore and does not feed on grass/plants.  tiger is grazing because one proverbs say some time tiger eat grass.  cactus is drinking water. cactus has no mouth to drink water. "a cactus can harvest and store water, but not by drinking it in a way a mammal would.". cactus is plant which requires negligible amount of water to survive.  axe can play music. axe has no playback module. an axe is an object used for cutting wood and is not designed with an audio input.  an axe is not designed to play music.  bacteria is singing. bacteria have no vocal cords. bacteria doesn't have vocal cord. bacteria can't make noise.  he wiped things with a stick.  stick has no adsorption function.  "a stick is used to support a weak person to walk, to hit and it cannot wipe away anything. so this sentence is nonsensical". "a stick is inadequate for the purpose of wiping, as it is better used for scraping and would leave scratches.". vehicles are powered by water. water does not provide energy for cars.  water is not good for engines.  "vehicles are powered by gasoline, not by water.". stone are dancing. stone is incapable of action. stone can dance.  stones are inanimate objects and cannot dance.  trees are making movies.  trees have no ability to think and act.  movies cannot be made by trees.  tree are not having brain to make a movies. he's cutting with a paper. paper is not sharp enough. paper is not as strong as a knife and cannot cut through anything of substance. paper doesn't has sharpness for cutting. people live on the moon. moon has no air.  the moon is inhabited. moon is deserted area.  trees contain radiation. trees absorb radiation. trees do not generate radiation.  only light contains radiation. medical supplies can be recycled. medical supplies are disposable. medical supplies are thrown away immediately after they are used once.  recycled medical supplies can harm human's health.  flooring has absorption function. floor is hard.  flooring is not designed to have absorption function.  flooring does not have an absorption function.  pulsation is a carbonated drink.  pulsation does not contain carbonic acid. the body needs blood.  "pulsation is an action, not a object". wood boards are made of rubber. rubber does not contain wood.  wooden boards are not made from rubber.  wood boards are made from wood.  seawater can be synthesized. sea water is a natural product. seawater is natural. water is a liquid and can't be synthesized. he drove the car into the box.  box is much smaller than the car.  a box is too small to fit a car.  box is so small in size to drove the car into it.  he is posting mountains.  mountains are too big to mail.  "you can not post mountains, they just are there.". mountains are not a form of communication.  farmer islitigation. farmers have no legal knowledge.  a farmer has no connection with litigation.  farmers only work on farm.  salt can provide energy.  salt contains no energy.  salt makes one's body heavy created a serious lack of energy in one's body.  energy does not provide in the salt.  sea is hot.  sea is salty.  sea does not become so hot.  the water in the sea is either temperate or cold.  cement contains protein. cement does not contain amino acids. "cement is an ingredient used in concrete, not consumables.". cement does not contain nutrients.  he's operating with a  toothpicks.  toothpicks are not medical devices. scalpel is use for operating not toothpicks.  a toothpick is way too fragile to operate with.  stone is rich in nutrition.  stone contains no nutrients. "stones may have minerals, but they are inedible.". stone has no nutritive value.  cruise ships can explore space. cruises ships are not allowed to go up to heaven. to explore space we cannot use cruise ships.  cruise ships can only go in water. driving needs leather shoes. leather shoes have no legal right to drive legally. you can drive wearing any kind of shoes.  "operating a vehicle is easier with shoes, but they are not a mandatory requirement to drive.". table emit light.  table does not contain luminous substances. "tables are used for placing objects, not as a source of light.". a table isn't used for light its used for placing things. book is a crop.  books are knowledge recorders for human production. crops are things that grow.  "books are made, not grown.". he's flying.  human beings have no flying ability. human beings have not evolved to fly.  a person can not fly because human wings have not been invented.  table can show the time.  tables do not contain monitors. a table does not show the time.  "tables are elevated objects with flat surfaces used to place items, and are not known to measure time.". stone is a human organ. human body does not contain organs.  stone is a kind of minerals.  a stone is not a human organ because the stone is not capable of doing anything.  table is a kind of food.  tables are inedible. no one can eat the table.  table does not be the kind of food.  he deposited money in his clothes.  clothing has no storage function. money cannot be deposited into clothes.  deposits are made into financial accounts.  bacteria contain skin. bacteria have no skin organs. bacteria contains a capusle.  bacteria does not have skin.  air is running.  air has no mobility.  "air is gaseous, not solid.". air is not alive and can't run. scissor is a kind of furniture. scissors are a kind of hardware tool. scissors are too sharp and small to be furniture.  a scissor is a cutting instrument.  universe contains air. vacuum in the universe. "space itself does not contain air as we know it, so a human would asphyxiate.". air does not contains in the universe.  cold medicine cleans the mouth. cold medicine is a kind of medicine.  "cold medicine is used for recovering from a cold, not oral hygiene.". cold medicine is to be swallowed and does not clean. he's drinking oil.  oil cannot be digested. oil is not something a person would typically drink. oil is non edible. running is a disease. running is a form of exercise.  running is not required to survive under most circumstances.  running is good for you and fights disease.  human beings can absorb solar energy. humans cannot photosynthesize. "plants can absorb solar energy not, human being". human beings do not possess the biological functions necessary to facilitate the use of solar energy.  cotton-padded clothes can block bullets. protection of cotton clothes is not enough. bullets move too fast and strong for cotton-padded clothes to stop.  bullets cannot be blocked by cotton padding of any type.  cold medicines can create hallucinations. cold medicines do not stimulate nerves. cold medicines are not strong enough to cause hallucinations.  hallucinations cannot created by the cold medicines.  t-shirt can be unlocked. t-shirt doesn't have the ability to unlock.  a tshirt has no lock. t-shirts are to be worn.  bob twisted the screw with pliers.  pli'er's and screw do not match. pliers are for grabbing.  pliers are used for twisting/cutting wire.  jhn is writing with a box. box has no ink to write.  box doesn't has ink to write. typically one puts things in a box.  stone is carrying things.  stones are carrying things.  stones do not hands to hold and carry things with.  stone is not the living thing to carry anything.  sam poured water into the mobile phone. mobile phones can't hold water. mobile phones are not designed or built to hold water.  water could damage mobile phone.  tom put the battery in his microwave oven.  microwave ovens can explode batteries. batteries would blow up in a microwave.  batteries do not go in microwave could cause a fire.  tom threw the mountains into the basket.  mountains are much larger than baskets. the mountains are to big to throw. moubtains cannot be thrown.  bird's nest can be manufactured. bird's nest is made of swallows.  "there are no production facilities built to manufacture birds nests, birds build the nests themselves.". bird's nest are made by birds and not machines.  pillow stuffed with iron. iron blocks do not protect the head. iron doesn't make for a very soft pillow.  iron is a hard heavy metal that would not be comfortable to sleep on.  bacteria's wearing pants.  bacteria don't have legs.  in order to wear pants legs are required.  bacteria is not visible to the human eye and is far too primitive to have a sense of fashion.  tim carried money with his key. keys have no storage space. key does not contain anything.  keys are not designed to carry money or anything else.  bob's opening the door with a bread.  bread doesn't fit and can't open the door.  bread is bigger than a keyhole. bread is not used in any known methods of opening a door.  mosquitoes is cutting his hair.  mosquitoes are too small to get a haircut. mosquitos are insects. mosquitoes bite skin.  crocodiles sucking blood. crocodiles have no blood sucking function. crocodiles never suck the blood.  crocodiles  will bite you but won't suck blood.  sheep are eating meat. sheep are herbivores. "sheep are herbivores, so they never eat meat.". sheep actually eat grass and other pasture plants.  red blood cells have hair. red blood cells are single cells without hair.  "red blood cells are in the blood , it  cannot have hair.". hair is on one's skin.  lamp is sleeping.  lamp has no life. a lamp is an inanimate object.  lamps don't require sleep to be able to function.  calculator can shine. calculator does not have luminous function. calculator only used for calculation. calculators are known to perform logarithmic functions and do not act as a light source.  book has calculating function. books are paper without computational functions.  books do not calculate anything.  a book is not an electronic and has no ability to perform functions. air is a kind of furniture.  air is a natural product. furniture is solid and it is not possible for air to be furniture.  air is not an object and can not be sat on.  plastic is a natural product. plastics are synthetic. plastic is a product that does not occur in nature and is man-made only.  plastic is produced. bread are not edible. bread is a kind of food.  sandwiches are commonly made with bread.  everyone eats bread everyday. toothbrush is baked.  toothbrushes are manufactured by industry. toothbrush can't be eaten and as so can't be baked. toothbrush cannot be baked.  paper cleans the mouth.  paper has no cleaning function. "paper is not used to brush teeth, it doesn't have the structural integrity.". paper is used for writing and printing.  petroleum is made of trees.  petroleum is a natural product. petroleum is from below earth. a tree does have the material to make petroleum.  sun revolves around the earth. earth revolves around the earth. sun cannot revolve around the earth.  the sun does not move.  sheep is fierce.  sheep are very meek.  fierce cannot be done by the sheep.  "sheep is very timid,it ran away with the little movement of humans.". man need  hibernation. man can also stay active in winter.  man cannot low their temperature and heart rates.  hibernation does not need by the humans.  lion is a primate. lions are cats.  apes and monkeys are primates. a lion is a big cat. leopard are cold-blooded animals.  leopards are thermostats. mammals are warm bloodied.  leopards live in warm weather. polar bears are social animals.  polar bears are solitary animals. polar bears are large independent animals.  polar bears are usually alone.  cars purify the air. cars pollute the air. most cars pollute the air. cars emit pollution.  flying is the skill of lions. lions have no wings. lions do not have wings.  "lion is a terrestrial animal,it cannot fly.". penguin live in the arctic. penguins live in the antarctic. penguins live in the southern hemisphere.  penguins live in the southern hemisphere such as in antarctica.  cattle can lay eggs. cattle are viviparous animals. "cattle give birth to their offspring, they don't lay eggs.". "cattle are mammals so they give birth, not lay eggs". he uses yogurt to ferment. yogurt is already a fermentation product. yoghurt is already fermented. "while yogurt has active cultures, it can not be used to ferment things because the milk would spoil and it would turn rotten.". mineral water contains fungi. mineral water is pure drinking water. fungi is not a mineral and isn't in fresh water. mineral water is supposed to be clear and pure. bicycles need electricity. bicycles are driven by manpower. "bicycles doesn't have engine/motor for which electricity is required ,it runs when someone paddles it.". bicycles are powered by human motion.  pillows contain tires. pillows do not contain mobility and do not require tyres. "tires are used to make transportation more efficient, and would be too uncomfortable to stuff into pillows.". pillows contain foam or feathers.  schoolbag protects the head.  schoolbag is carried on the back. a schoolbag does not protect the head.  schoolbag is not hard much to be used for protecting the head.  stone can show time.  stone has no display screen. the time is not shown on stones.  stone is a hard solid non-metallic mineral matter of which rock is made. bicycles need oil. bicycles are driven by manpower. bicycles do not have an engine. a bicycle does not have an engine.  apple is a nut.  apple is a fruit. apples are fruits and not nuts.  an apple is a fruit.  football is a natural discipline. football is a subject of competitive sports. a football is something  you toss around play with. football is not considered a natural discipline.  yo-yo needs many people to cooperate. yo-yo is played by one person.  yo-yo is operated by a single person.  yo-yo is a toy for only one person.  gasoline is a drink. gasoline cannot be digested by human digestive system. gasoline is not a drink.  gasoline is fuel. water provides energy.  water does not contain energy. water can provide energy only if used to power something else.  "only water can't provide energy ,it has to go under several reactions to produce energy.". jety's peeling apples.  apples have no shells. jety is peeling peanuts as opposed to apples.  apples are different than peanuts.  sam lives in space.  space is not suitable for human existence. space is not a place where one can breathe much less live.  humans can not yet live in space.  jony's barbecuing with water.  water has no heat to roast meat.  water is too wet and cold to barbecue with.  water is not used in barbecuing.  pigs are climbing trees.  pigs have no ability to climb trees.  pigs are unable to climb.  pigs climbing trees is a dumb statement. stick is sharp.  stick is blunt.  a stick cannot cut through anything. stick is made of wood and wood is not sharp like metal.  noodle are used to sew clothes.  noodles are too soft. noodles would break if you tried to use them as sewing needles.  noodles are a food that one eats.  watch is a kind of furniture.  watch is an electrical appliance.  "watches are accessories, not furniture". furniture does not include watch.  he turned on the air conditioner with a straw.  pipette does not emit infrared rays. a straw is not an electronic device. straws are used for consuming liquids.  stick used to absorb liquids.  stick is not hollow to absorb the liquid.  sticks do not absorb.  a stick is a solid piece that cannot absorb liquids.  lamp is reciting composition.  lamp has no memory ability. lamp is not a human and can not recite.  a lamp can not talk or recite because it is not living.  black holes can reflect light. black holes absorb light. light cannot escape a black hole.  "the gravity of black holes is strong to such a degree that light cannot escape them, and is not reflected.". cups are married.  cup has no life. cups aren't human. cups are for drinking. he put the iron in the juicer. iron is too hard to damage the machine. you can't drink iron. iron does not contain juice.  ocean is industrial products. ocean is a natural product. ocean is not industrial  product. ocean is not industrial products.  air can melt. air is a gas.  there is no way to melt air.  air is not hard to be melted.  fans have external hanging blades. fans are monolithic machines. fans with external hanging blades would be much too dangerous.  "fans are usually high above, on the ceiling.". tall is a disease. tall is a normal physiological phenomenon. tall is an attribute describing one's height.  "tall is an adjective without negative connotations, fairly common, and not known to be harmful.". tom's cutting vegetables with sticks.  stick is not sharp enough.  "to cut vegetables we need sharp thing like knife or scissor , sticks are not sharp enough.". knife is use for cutting vegetables.  tim iced his drink in an oven.  high temperature in oven. an oven will melt ice.  "ovens are either hot or room temperature, making it impossible to transform a liquid into ice.". milk drinks release gases. milk drinks do not contain carbonic acid. milk creates bubbles when it is shaken up.  milk does not contain any gases.  water needs air. water can exist in vacuum. water is liquid and can not absorb air. water is composed of oxygen. monkey is cooking.  monkeys have no intelligence to cook. monkeys are not intelligent enough to cook.  monkey can not cook.  he's frying vegetables in bottles.  structure of the bottle is not suitable for stir-frying.  bottles are too small to fry vegetables.  frying vegetables needs wide surface area. mirror can hold liquids.  mirrors are flat and cannot hold liquids.  mirrors are flat which would not efficiently hold liquid. "mirror is flat , it cannot hold anything". wastewater is rich in nutrients. wastewater is waste without nutrition. wastewater is toxic and rich in things that will harm you.  wastewater is rich with germs. plastics can protect against sunshine. plastics cannot absorb ultraviolet rays. no one used plastics as a mask to protect against sunshine. for protection from sunshine sunscreen can be use.  bacteria was very angry.  bacteria have no emotions. bacteria is an emotionless and too small insect.  bacteria will not be angry.  lion are a kind of microorganism. lion is cat. lions are very large mammals.  a microorganism is too small to see with just the human eye.  pandas are social animals.  pandas are solitary animals.  pandas are rarely seen with any other type of animal or species.  pandas are by nature solitary animals. they spend most of the time avoiding each other.  tiger eat bamboo. tigers are carnivores. "tigers eat meat, not plants.". "tigers are carnivores not herbivores, therefore would not eat bamboo.". antss are mammals.  ants are egg-laying animals.  "mammals are warm-blooded animals, and ants are not warm-blooded; ants are insects.". ants are insects.  people eat wood. people cannot digest wood. wood is a thing which we cannot eat.  wood is too difficult for people to chew and lacks taste and nutritional value.  dog invents language. dogs are not smart enough to invent language. dogs don't talk.  dogs only bark.  bob treats giraffes as pets. giraffes are too tall to be pets. giraffes are wild animals.  "a giraffe is a wild animal, not owned by people.". bob put the knife in the bag.  knife will pierce the bag.  a knife cannot fit in a bag without cutting it.  knife is not a good of transport that requires bag to put in it.  bob put the flame in the refrigerator.  flames can damage refrigerators. flame is hot it cannot be kept in the refrigerator. it would be counterproductive to put a flame in the refrigerator.  temperature of the ice is very high.  temperature of ice is very low.  ice is cold and has a low temperature.  "high temperatures indicate warmth, whereas ice is cold.". ant's moving bricks.  ants are too small to move bricks. ants are too small to carry bricks.  bricks are too heavy to be moved by ants.  leopards are decomposers. leopards are consumers. leopards are carnivores.  leopards leave caucuses to decompose after they are done eating the flesh and meat from it's prey.  hippos have patterns. hippopotamus has very light skin and no pattern.  hippos are plain grey. hippos are one color.  he's wearing table. table is too big towearing. you can not put a table on. "people don't wear tables, they usually sit in front of them.". sunscreen can damage the skin. sunscreen protects the skin. to damage the skin we should not use the sunscreen.  sunscreen is for protecting the skin.  he's cutting iron.  iron is too hard to cut.  iron is very hard.  iron is too strong for a human to cut by himself.  english characters have partial radicals. english consists of 26 letters.  english characters do not contain radicals.  partial radicals are  not found in english characters.  the glasses case is for bottle.  the bottle is too big for the glasses case.  a case for glasses would not be ideal and probably too small to fit a bottle.  bottles would not be mixed with glasses.  tom eats food with pens.  pens can stain food.  a pen is not a eating utensil. pens are not used as eating utensils.  jame puts earphone on her mouth.  the mouth cannot receive music from earphone.  earphone is for ears not for mouth. your mouth cannot hear.  animals drink tea every day.  tea is not a necessary substance for animals.  animals do not drink tea.  animals never drink tea.  jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist.  "scarves should be worn around the neck, not around the waist.". scarf is for wrapping around neck not waist.  scarves are used to protect the neck and face from the cold.  the dog is kept in the fish tank.  dogs need a bigger environment than a fish tank. a dog would drown in a fish tank.  a fish tank is not the place to keep a dog.  people play basketball with feet.  the rules of basketball require playing with hands.  feet cannot  be used to play basketball.  you cannot use your feet to handle the ball in basketball. jan drinks perfume every day.  people who drink perfume will do harm to their health.  perfume is poisonous for health.  perfume are used to spread cool smell to our clothes.  tony keeps a electric fan as a pet.  "a cat is an animal, a electric fan is not.". an electric fan had no life to be kept as a pet.  electric fans are not pets.  cats like to eat elephants.  elephants are too big for the cats to eat.  cats cant eat elephants because they are too large.  elephants are too big for cats to eat. cats like to catch lions.  the lion is stronger than the cat.  cats are smaller than lions. cats are not so stronger than lions so that cat will catch lions.  jessie likes to bathe in honey water. "honey water has no cleaning function, bath cream does.". honey water is not used to bathe.  "honey is too sticky to bathe in, and too scarce to realistically fill a bathtub.". tommy calls his friends on his game machine.  the game machine doesn't have communication function.  game machines cannot make phone calls. a game machine cannot be used to communicate.  tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day.  people feel pain when they wash their face with a plastic bag.  a plastic bag will not absorb the water necessary to wash a face.  plastic bags will not wash your face.  people sleep on air conditioner.  people feel uncomfortable lying in the air conditioner.  an air conditioner is not for sleeping on. people sleep in beds.  put the sunflowers in the refrigerator.  "the refrigerator temperature is too low, go against the sunflower growth.". sunflowers are meant to thrive with sunlight.  a refrigerator would be damaging to sunflowers.  people usually wash their clothes with toothpaste.  "toothpaste is used to clean teeth, not to wash clothes". "toothpaste is meant to clean teeth, and will not have the same result on cloth.". toothpaste can not be used to wash their clothes.  people usually mop the ground with a hoe.  the hoe does not have the ability to clean floor.  hoe may be damaged the ground. a hoe cannot be used to mop the ground.  mom is cooking in the bedroom.  "the bedroom is a place for rest, not for cooking.". you do not have the tools to cook in the bedroom.  a stove is not kept in a bedroom.  students study in the shopping mall.  shopping mall cannot provide a quiet learning environment for students. a shopping mall is too noisy and crowded to use to study.  shopping mall is not where students study.  the teacher is lecturing at the cinema.  cinema cannot provide a suitable teaching environment for teacher.  the cinema is for recreation and not for lessons.  cinema is a place where the teacher cannot lecture.  people feed the baby chilies.  baby's throat can be hurt by chilies.  chilies is a thing which cannot be feed to the babies.  babies do not like spicy foods.  peoplefeed the hamster the cat.  cat is stronger than hamster.  hamsters eat grass not cats.  hamsters do not eat cats.  put the microwave in the fridge.  "fridge is for freezing food, the microwave oven is not food.". appliances do not need to be kept chilled.  a fridge is not used for the storage of microwaves.  tony goes to school by spaceship.  spaceship is needed for the journey in space.  a spaceship is only used when leaving earth.  spaceship is used for universal discovery.  tony rode his bicycle across the atlantic.  bicycle cannot travel in the sea.  a bicycle cannot run across the water. bicycles cannot be ridden across an ocean.  jessie listens to music through her watch.  watch does not have the function of playing music.  a watch does not play music.  music through her watch cannot be listened.  jessie slept with her head on the television.  people feel uncomfortable sleeping on television.  the television is too hard and uncomfortable for jessie to use as a headrest.  television is watched and not used as a resting place.  the fields were covered with tiny turtles.  "turtles live near the sea, not in fields.". turtles are rarely in fields more in sand.  turtles are animals.  there are many cats in the sea.  cats can't swim so they don't appear in the sea.  cats are mammals that live on land.  cats do not like being wet.  make a table out of foam.  a table made of foam cannot bear any weight.  foam is too weak and flimsy to be made into a table.  foam cannot be shaped into a table as the tiny bubbles will continue popping.  the singer sings with a remote control.  the remote control doesn't have the ability to amplify songs.  a singer does not need a remote control to sing.  remote controls are used to control electronic items linked to it.  toothpaste is used to clean hair.  "hair needs shampoo,toothpaste will stain hair.". toothpaste is a dental item. toothpaste is made for cleaning teeth.  there are many seabirds in the sea.  seabirds can't swim in the sea.  seabirds live on the beach.  seabirds roam around the sea but do not physically go under water.  there are many fish in the forest.  fish can't live without water in the forest.  "fish can be seen only where water exists, no water in forest hence no fishes there.". fish only live under water.  there are many cats flying in the sky.  cats are incapable of flying.  cat's can not fly.  "cats have feet, not wings, therefore cannot fly.". write on the blackboard with stone.  writing with a stone will destroy the blackboard.  stone doesn't leave a mark for writing. stone is not suitable to write on blackboard.  brush your hair with a toothbrush.  the toothbrush is too small to comb your hair.  a toothbrush is not effective for brushing hair.  a toothbrush cannot used to be brush hair.  people use rice for drinks.  rice is too dry for a drink.  rice is used for cooking.  rice is a solid not a liquid. build a house out of water.  houses made of water are not strong enough.  water is not solid and cannot be used to build.  water is a  liquid so doesn't build a house. chickens like to eat turtles.  chickens are not carnivores.  turtles have chicken-resistant shells.  turtles are too large and too protected by their shells to be preyed on by chickens.  people put rice in the shoes.  putting rice in your shoes will get rice dirty.  shoes are footwear and does not serve as a dish/container.  people wear shoes. eating junk food is good for our health.  junk food has a lot of carcinogens.  eating junk food can lead to obesity and many other bad conditions.  junk food is bad for health.  we can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom.  the bedroom is for sleeping not for hanging wet clothes.  the clothes will not dry in the bedroom as it's inside. bedroom is the place for sleeping.  he palys football in bed. the bed is too small to play football.  bed is too small to play football. a bed is too soft and too small to play football.  the chef cuts vegetables with scissors. scissors can't cut vegetables into thin sheets.  scissor is a thing which cannot be used to cut vegetables.  "scissors are not used by chefs to cut vegetables, they use professional knives.". birds fly in the sea. birds don't have gills to fly int the sea.  birds cannot fly under water. the sea is made of water and nothing can fly in water.  bicycles need oil. bicycles are only powered by pedals not oil. bicycles have no engine. oil is not necessary for bicycles.  he writes with a bottle. bottle is too big for person to write.  a bottle cannot be used to write.  bottles are used for the storage of liquid.  we can brush our teeth with a mirror. mirrors is too sharp to brush our teeth.  a mirror is made out of glass and cannot be used to brush your teeth with.  a mirror is not a tool for brushing a teeth. we need bread on rainy days.  bread can't keep out the rain. bread would get wet and ruined on rainy days.  bread will get wet in rain.  stones can be used for lighting.  stones don't shine so they can't be used for lighting.  stones do not emit light.  stones do not emit light. playing basketball requires a table tennis racket. playing basketball requires hands not table tennis rackets.  "a basket ball game only requires a basketball net, a court, and a basketball.". basketball is played with hands only.  we can listen to music with mouse.  mouse can't be used to listen to music without a receiver.  it's impossible to listen to music with a mouse.  the mouse does not have any kind of speaker to listen to music.  he cut the rope with apple.  apple is not sharp enough to cut the rope.  apple is thing which cannot be used to cut the rope.  "to cut the things we need sharp tools like knife,scissor etc.". he planted a cat.  a cat is an animal can not be planted.  cats are a living animal that cannot be planted. "cats are animals, not plants.". he saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets.  cultural relics are so precious that they can't be put in the toilet.  cultural relics are usually located in historical places.  cultural relics are usually kept in museums.  there are elephants in the badroom. the bedroom is too small to hold elephants.  bedroom is not for elephants.  an elephant is too large for a bedroom. he washed his face with mud.  mud is dirty and solidifies.  water is use to wash the face.  mud is made of dirt. he often watered the chair.  "chair is not a kind of living things,and dose not need water.". .in chair we can sit not for watering.  "chairs are used for sitting, and since they are not alive they do not require water to continue existing.". pigs lay eggs.  pigs are mammals that can't lay eggs.  pigs give birth to piglets.  pigs give birth.  computers catch mice. computers can't run to catch mice.  computers do not have hands. computers are not able to catch anything.  many people like to keep bottles.  bottles are not pets for people.  bottles are not pets.  bottles are not the favourite things of people.  the teacher writes on a pencil.  pencil is too small for teacher to write.  we cannot write on pencil but with pencil. teacher can write with the pencil not on  a pencil.  he baked bread in a refrigerator.  refrigerators can't heat bread.  "baking needs heat, while refrigerator is used for cooling.". refrigerator is an equipment which cannot be used to bake the bread.  there are many planes in dining room.  the dining room is too small to hold airplanes.  a plane is too large to fit into a dining room.  dining room is a place where planes do not appear.  he washed his clothes with an iron.  iron does not have the function of washing clothes. clothes are only washed by water.  irons don't clean things. car running on the rails. the wheels of the car are not suitable for rails. a car would get hit by a train if it were on the rails.  rails are for train not for cars. cars sail on water.  the engine of cars will stall underwater.  cars are land-based vehicles. cars do not have the buoyancy to used for sailing on water.  dogs like to eat mouses. dogs are very afraid of mouses. the correct term is mice.  cats like to eat mouse not dogs. cats like to eat bones. bones are too hard. cats do not eat bones.  cats do not eat bones and instead discard carcasses. mouse is a beneficial animal. mouse transmits germs. a mouse is not usually considered to be beneficial.  mouse will cause problems in your house.  duck can fly. duck wings are not strong enough. ducks are mostly in water and struggle to generate enough thrust to take off.  ducks can only fly very short distances.  giraffe has a long wing. giraffe has no wings. giraffes do not have wings.  "giraffe dosnt fly, but walks". crocodile can swim in the magma. magma will burn crocodiles to death. magma is too hot to swim.  magma's temperature is far too hot for any living thing to touch and not be severely burnt.  we go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends.  dinosaurs are extinct. "dinosaur got extinct ,so they cannot be seen in the zoo.". dinosaurs are no more exists. roosters lay eggs in the morning. roosters cannot produce eggs. roosters are male and do not lay eggs.  roosters do not lay eggs every day.  i saw an ant moving a big stone. the ant does not have enough strength to move a large stone. an ant cannot move a big stone.  ants can carry 1000 times their weight but they aren't able to lift more than a piece of a plant.  cows like to eat stones. stones can't be digested by cows. cows only eat grass.  stone is a thing which cannot eat by the cow.  i saw an airplane flying in the magma.  the magma is so hot that it melts the plane.  "magma is very hot which will melt the airplane ,also airplane  fly in the sky.". nothing can fly in magma. i saw a motorcycle driving on the water.  the motorcycle will sink to the bottom. motorcycles are too heavy and would sink in water.  a motorcycle is heavy and would sink in water.  i bought a porsche 911 for thirty dollars.  porsche 911 is very expensive. porsche is a luxury car brand that would never sell vehicles as cheap as thirty dollars.  porsche 911 costs a lot more money that thirty dollars.  i take my bike accross the english channel.  bicycles cannot sail on the sea. a bike cannot be ridden across bodies of water.  "bike cannot be taken across english channel, boat can.". the police shot a robber with a water pistol. the power of the water pistol is not enough to kill people.  a water pistol is to play with not  to stop danger. water pistols are harmless to robbers.  the doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation.  euthanasia kills the patient. euthanansia cannot be done by the doctor.  euthanasia kills people.  the teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems. mental patients do not have the ability to solve math problem. mental patients may have problems solving math problems.  "teachers do not teach mental patients because they are already out of school, or have dropped out to go to the institution.". a software engineer is planning how to build the building. software engineers have no knowledge of architecture. a software engineer does not construct buildings.  the skills of a software engineer is to build computer programs not physical buildings.  students will learn how to make drugs at school. there is no course in the school teaching how to make drugs.  drugs are illegal and definetely not taught at school. "making drugs is an official crime ,students will be punished if they do so.". "when we are tired, we will lie on the keyboard and take a break.". the keyboard is too small to lie down. keyboard is for playing music.  keyboards are too small and uncomfortable to be able to lie on for relaxation.  watching comedy movies is a sad activity. comedy movies will make people laugh. you have a good time and laugh when you watch a comedy.  comedy movies make you happy. smoking is good to health. smoking increases your risk of developing lung cancer. smoking is harmful to health and can cause cancer.  it is one of the top disease state causes.  teenagers can try drugs. drugs can damage teenagers' brains. drugs should not try by the teenagers.  drugs are dangerous. the best way to resolve a dispute is fighting. fighting will only intensify the dispute. fighting leads to more conflict.  fighting often makes disputes worse and does not solve them.  fruit is bad for our body. fruit can provide essential nutrients to our body. fruits are healthy and contains many good vitamins.  fruits contain more  vitamins  so its good for health. bread can give us a lot of water. bread does not contain a lot of water. bread can give us energy.  bread does not contain water.  coffee will make people very sleepy. "coffee contains caffeine, which keeps people awake". coffee is known for it's effectiveness in waking people up and making them more productive.  coffee has caffeine in it. drinking milk will make us grow shorter. "milk contains a lot of protein, which is good for height growth.". milk contain nutrition values to make humans tall.  milk enhances height.  eating beef will make people weeker. beef contains a lot of protein.  beef has lots of protein which helps build muscles.  eating beef does not usually weaken people.  islam people like to eat pork. the islamists regard pigs as gods and do not eat them.  islam doesn't eat pork. islamic people have dietary restrictions due to their beliefs.  programmers can develop drugs. programmers have not learned how to develop drugs.  drugs are developed by medical professionals.  being a programmer involves creating digital code.  in the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer.  in the summer we feel very hot and want to cool ourselves.  air conditioning uses cold air. air conditioning provides cooler temperatures inside compared to outside.  we drink water with the desk. desk can't hold water. a desk's primary purpose is to be sat at and worked from.  a desk is not used for drinking water.  we read books to get food.  "food is made by chefs, not books.". "to get food we need to cook or order from outside , books can only provide knowledge.". books do not offer any nutrition.  there are many sparrows in the lake.  sparrows can't swim. sparrows cant swim and don't stick around lakes.  there cannot be sparrows in the lake because bird cannot swim like a fish can. there are many ships on the road.  ships have no wheels.  ships can not run on road. ships glide through the ocean or river due to their size.  the car is powered by wind.  the car won't move in the wind. there is no such thing as a wind powered car. wind cannot provide enough energy to power a car.  fruits may grow on the sky.  fruits need nutrients to grow. it's not possible for fruits to grow in the sky.  you can't grow things on the sky. pollen needs whales to spread. whales live in the sea. whales live in the ocean flowers that are used for pollination are found on land. pollen is spread by flowers.  cattle eat stones to grow. stone has no nutrition. cattle do not eat stones.  stones are not edible and lack nutrients for growth. we use earphones to play games. earphones have no screen. earphones are used to hear sounds like music or podcasts.  earphones are use to listen songs. we write on water with fingers. fingers can't leave traces. water is not a solid surface and does not hold something written on it.  water can't be written on. we use pen to open doors.  door cannot be opened by pen. we use pens to write with; they cannot fit inside the keyholes of doors.  pen is used to write while handle is used to open the doors.  we can't live without internet. we still survived without the internet 20 years ago.  internet doesn't keep us alive. internet is not necessary for survival. the refrigerator does not work without water.  water does not power the refrigerator. refrigerators do not need to be given water but only plugged in.  a refrigerator removes warmth from the air.  bees eat pollen to produce money. money is made of wood rather than pollen. bees produce honey.  bees make honey not money. curtains can block electromagnetic waves. electromagnetic waves can propagate in any substance. curtains are too thin to block. curtains do not have any properties that could block waves. clock can show the temperature. there is generally no temperature sensor in the clock. a clock is used to only tell time.  a clock is used to tell time. we practice swimming in the basketball court.  there is not so much water on the basketball court.  a basketball court is too solid to swim in.  basketball court does not have swimming pool.  shoes can prevent hands from being scratched.  the shoes are not on the hands. shoes do not belong on one's hands.  shoes are used for feet.  i bought a lion at the mall. lions are not sold at the mall. "lions cannot be bought at malls, or even in general other than in very rare cases.". mall is a place where we cannot buy a lion.  we can program on the the desk. there is nothing in the desk that can be programmed. you can not type programs into a desk.  the desk is not designed in such a way as to be programmable.  people use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away. a car can't help a friend who lives thousands of miles away deliver a message. people use cars to drive.  cars cannot be used to keep in touch with people across the ocean.  we went to the restaurant to cure the disease. there is no doctor in the restaurant who can treat the disease. there are no medicines or doctors at a restaurant. restaurants are for dining.  there is a lot of sand in the swimming pool. you can't swim in a pool with sand. "sand is basically found in the hilly areas , inside swimming pool one will find only water.". sand would only get in the swimming pool in very small amounts.  harmful waste can be recycled and reused.  harmful waste can not be recycled and reused.  harmful waste is not recyclable.  harmful waste must be disposed of properly and cannot be reused.  i am in china. i go to australia by train.  trains cannot cross the ocean between china and australia. china and australia are separated by ocean. "china and australia are separated by vast amounts of ocean, not accessable via train". lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends. humans are not locked up by lions in zoos. lions are already in the zoo.  zoo is a place where humans does not seen by the lions.  men can give birth to children. men have no ovaries. "women give birth to children, and men do not.". men are physically and biologically unable to give birth.  i saw a monkey doing math problems. a monkey doesn't know how to do math problems. monkeys have not evolved to do math problems yet.  monkeys cannot do math problems.  i saw iron man spraying silk. iron man doesn't have the equipment to shoot spider silk. ironman does not have silk.  "iron man sprays sparks into the air as his metal scrapes the ground, silk is too soft of a medium for his super hero work.". whale don't need to come up to breathe. whales have lungs but no gills. "whales can hold their breath for extended periods of time, but still need to eventually breathe in order to survive.". whales come up periodically to get air.  i often eat pizza to keep healthy. pizza contains a lot of fat which is not healthy. foods such as pizza should be eaten in moderation.  "pizza has a lot of calories, fat, and other ingredients that are bad for your health.". the sedan can carry about thirty people. there isn't enough room for thirty people in a sedan. thirty people cannot fit into a small sedan.  a sedan is a mid-sized car only meant to carry up to five people.  high-speed trains are faster than planes. planes have more power than high-speed trains. planes are much faster than the high-speed trains.  trains are unable to go as fast as a plane.  everyone likes the smell of durian. the smell of durian may make some people uncomfortable. durain fruits gives unlike smell. durians have rotten smell. we go to the library to work out our bodies. the library has no fitness equipment for working out. libraries are quiet places where books are commonly read and studied.  library is not a place where we cannot go to work out our bodies.  people die without playing games. playing games doesn't hydrate us. playing games is not a fundamental principle of survival.  "water is an essential need of our body to survive ,not the games.". tom put his clothes up in the kitchen.  the kitchen is not a place to dry clothes.  the kitchen is generally used for the cooking and preparation of food.  the kitchen is for eating. mother hung her clothes on the wire.  water on clothes will short the wires.  wire is a place where mother cannot hung her clothes.  "we cannot hung clothes on wire,it will fall off.". the calendar shows the time.  "the calendar will not change, so it will not show the time of every hour.". calendar is for the dates not for time. the calendar does not show the time as it cannot change with time passing.  the washing machine can blow.  the washing machine works inside and does not blow out.  "a washing machine can only wash, rinse and dry.". the washing machine has no blowing hardware. nuts can be recycled.  "nuts are useless, so they can't be recycled.". it's not possible to recycle nuts.  nuts is a kind of food. a ruler is used to draw a circle.  a ruler is straight and a circle is arc.  a ruler is too straight to draw a circle.  a ruler only has straight edges.  sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs.  sunglasses are mounted on the ears.  "sunglasses are worn narrowly in front of the eyeballs, and are held up by the ears and nose.". sunglasses are used by humans to wear over eyes.  sweaters are worn on the legs.  "sweaters should be worn on the upper body, not on the legs.". sweaters would not fit on people's legs.  you wear pants on your legs.  garbage bags are used to put clothes.  "clothes are clean, and garbage bags can dirty them.". "suitcases and closets and dressers are used to put clothes in, not garbage bags.". garbage bags are usef only to put  garbage.  daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms.  the trash can is dirty and daisy can't sleep with it.  trash cans are for collecting rubbish.  a trash can cannot be comfortably held during sleep.  peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes.  peanut oil does not have the smell to repel mosquitoes.  peanut oil is used for cooking.  mosquitoes cannot be repelled by the peanut oil.  chopsticks are pinned to the hair.  chopsticks have no effect on decorating and tidying hair.  chopsticks cannot be pinned to the hair.  hairpins are use for hairs. the alarm clock is worn on the wrist.  the alarm clock should be placed on the desktop or on the wall.  we wear watch on wrist where as alarm clock can be hang on walls or can be put on tables.  alarm clocks are to big to be worn at the wrist. i wear a pair of gloves on my head.  gloves are hand protectors and cannot be worn on the head.  there arent any big enough to fit a head.  we wear gloves on hand not on head.  stone can be used to build ships.  stone buoyancy is too small to make ships float easily.  "if a ship were made out of stone, it would sink.". stone is too heavy to build ships out of.  people sleep with their eyes open. human eyelids naturally close when they are asleep. people sleep with their eyes closed.  humans are unable to sleep with our eyes open.  he was glad that his mobile phone had been lost.  lost mobile phone is a sad thing. without a mobile phone one cannot ommunicate so he would be sad he lost is mobile phone.  one cannot feel happy on the loss of a mobile phone.  deaf people like to listen to beautiful music. deaf people can't hear voices.  "deaf people cannot hear, therefore they cannot enjoy music.". deaf people can feel the vibrations from the music. peter likes to eat white paper very much.  paper is not edible.  paper is not meant to be eaten.  white papers are nutritious and tasty to eat.  he likes singing loudly in the library.  libraries should be absolutely quiet. it is very rude to sing loudly in a library. libraries are a place for quiet reading.  coke is indispensable for human existence. coke is just a drink.  human can survive without coke. coke harms a human body but can not threaten it's existence.  peter needs to dress when he sleeps.  you should take off your clothes before you go to bed.  one undresses when she/he goes to sleep.  "sleeping is a state where you aren't conscious and active, so dressing is impossible.". my mother hates me very much.  mother loves her son very much. mothers are generally very loving towards their children.  mothers generally love their children.  "dad sleeps at home, so i miss him very much.". "dad's right beside me, so i won't miss him.". there could only be a sense of longing if the father was absent.  "if dad is home, you shouldn't miss him.". boys generally like barbie dolls.  boys generally like transformers.  a barbie doll is a toy of a girl.  barbie dolls are marketed for females.  he feels funny when he watches horror movies.  horror movies can be very scary.  "you don't feel funny when you're watching something scary, you feel scared.". "horror movies are supposed to be scary, not funny". i like to play with my friends in space.  "without oxygen in space, human beings cannot survive". humans can not live in space.  humans cannot be in space without protection.  herdsmen feed their bicycles every day. bicycles don't need to eat. "herdsmen would never feed a bicycle as a bicycle does not only not consume, but it isn't a herdsman livestock.". bicycles don't need food.  i usually like to cross the strait by car.  cars can't run in water.  the strait is only crossable by boat. a car cannot cross in water.  excessive exercise is good for health.  excessive exercise can cause some damage to the body.  too much of anything is not good for health.  anything in excess is unhealthy.  we can take things by a nose.  "the nose is used for breathing, but hands for holding things.". a humans nose is unable to grasp items.  nose is used for breathing. pens are made of wood.  "pens are made of steel, but pencils are made of wood.". pens are usually made of plastic.  pens need mechanical functionality to be able to push out and pull in.  there are countless suns in the sky. there is only one sun in the milky way.  our solar system has one star.  the sky contains only one sun. aircraft need to be charged to fly. airplanes need gasoline to power them. aircraft uses fuel to fly not electricity or batteries so aircraft cannot be charged.  aircraft needs to be refueled to fly. nurses work in schools. teachers work in schools.  nurses do not work in schools.  nurses work in a hospital.  we can take the train for free.  it takes money to buy tickets by train.  it cost money to fuel the train and pay the driver.  most trains cost money.  the human body is very cold.  man is a thermostatic animal.  the human body needs to be warm to survive.  humans are naturally warm blooded. he likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays.  ordinary people can't fly spaceships.  spaceship cannot be used to travel on holidays.  spaceships don't exist.  peter was sad to be admitted to a good university.  entering a good university should be very happy.  you should be happy to be admitted to a good university.  being admitted to a good university is something that would make peter happy.  i like changing clothes in the classroom.  "a classroom is a public place, not suitable for changing clothes.". you should not change clothes in the classroom.  privacy is needed when changing clothes.  peter and his pet are playing basketball. pets can't play basketball.  pet did not play basketball.  pets do not know to play basketball.  dogs can fly freely in the sky. dogs can't fly without wings. dogs do not have the ability to fly.  dogs don't have wings to fly. he likes to drink gasoline very much.  gasoline cannot be drunk. gasoline is poison.  gasoline cannot be drunk as it is a form of gas.  "he was hungry, so he went to the hospital.". hunger should go to restaurants. hospital does not provide food. restaurants serve food.  drugs are harmful to human health. drugs can cause irreparable harm to the human body. some drugs should only be used for those they are prescribed to.  certain drugs are used to cure ailments.  i go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning.  "the kitchen is the place for cooking, and the bathroom is for bathing.". one takes bath in a bathroom. one takes a bath generally in tub which is located in a bathroom and not a kitchen which is used for cooking.  the sun revolves around the earth. the earth revolves around the sun.  the earth revolves around the sun. the earth actually revolves around the sun.  pilots need to work on the trains every day.  train drivers work on trains.  pilots don't fly trains.  pilots don't have anything to do with trains.  jupiter brings us light and heat.  jupiter will not shine. jupiter is very far from earth.  jupiter does not provide light or heat.  the knife will fall from the sky. there is no knife but some snowflakes in the sky.  knives do not fall from the sky.  "knifes do no fall from the sky. if they did, we'd be in danger.". "when there is a conflict with a friend, it should be solved by fighting.". fighting is likely to lose friends.  fighting does not resolve conflict.  fighting is not a good way to solve conflicts.  "my father was ill, so i went to the bar to see him.". a sick person should be treated in a hospital but not a bar.  a person visits a hospital if he/she is ill.  a father does not go to the bar when he is ill because he physically is not able to go anyplace.  people can travel by bird.  birds can't be ridden by humans.  birds fly in the air and are quite small in size;  people are too large to sit on birds so people cannot travel by bird.  people cannot travel by bird because no bird can hold the weight of a human on its back whilst flying.  pencils need to absorb ink before they are used. "pencils don't need ink, but pens need". pencils write with lead and therefore do not need ink.  pencils to do not contain ink.  people who lose weight should eat more cakes. cakes contain a lot of calories.  cakes are high calorie foods.  people who eat cakes should not eat more cakes because if they do they will gain weight.  birds usually nest in the sea.  birds cannot live in the sea.  only fish can swim.  birds do not live in the sea.  mineral water contains a lot of salt.  mineral water contains very little salt.  mineral water contains minerals.  mineral water contains only trace amounts of salt.  there are many trees in the sun.  no trees can grow on the sun. trees does not grow in very hot conditions. trees cannot be present in the sun as it is a burning ball of fire.  "he is a thief, so he is very honored.". thieves are a disgraceful profession. people are honored when they do good things.  "thieves are viewed as despicable, not honorable.". we should listen to the chef carefully in class.  "chefs don't teach in class, bud teachers do". "we don't listen to chefs in class, we listen to teachers.". chef's do not teacher classes.  the library is a very noisy place.  "the library is a place to learn, so it's very quiet.". libraries are known for being a place of silence as noise disrupts the occupants so libraries are not very noisy places.  the library is a place where we don't have a noise.  cats and mice are good friends. "cats eat mice, so they are not good friends.". "cats eat mice, so they are often not friends, except in cartoons.". cats eat mice.  there is usually much wildlife in cities.  wildlife will not survive in cities. wildlife lives in forests. "cities do not usually have a lot of open or wooded space, so wildlife does not have places to live in a city.". people will probably see a polar bear in their garden.  it's impossible to see polar bears in people garden.  polar bears are found in the arctic.  polar bears live in the arctic.  bees usually live in the soil.  bees have their own hives to live in.  bees cannot breathe if they are in the soil.  most bees create beehives to live in and only a few burrow into the soil.  i like swimming in the desert.  i like swimming in the desert.  desert has no water to do swimming.  there isn't much water in the desert.  rabbits can climb trees.  "rabbits can't climb trees, but monkeys can.". rabbits are not able to climb trees.  rabbits are fast and do not climb trees. he did surgery in the kitchen.  the kitchen is the place for cooking but not for surgery.  surgeries are done at hospitals. surgery is not meant to be done in the kitchen.  people like to eat flying insects in the sky. flying insects are not food for humans.  people do not eat insects. "people tend to avoid flying insects, not eat them.". man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen.  human's bodies can only utilize oxygen but not dioxide.  man absorbs oxygen and releases carbon dioxide.  humans must absorb oxygen and release carbon dioxide.  peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase.  pet dogs can't be put in the suitcase. animals can not travel in suitcases.  you should not put your pets in a briefcase.  we can use paper to buy things in the supermarket.  only with money but not papers can we buy things.  "we cannot use paper to buy things in supermarkets, but we can use paper money which is printed on paper.". a paper had no value to buy things.  my brother likes to wear skirts.  girls generally prefer to wear skirts.  males do not typically wear skirts.  skirts are made for females not for males.  "in winter, we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold.". short sleeves are usually clothes worn in hot weather.  "the best way to resist the cold is more clothes, not less.". short sleeves will not keep you warm in the winter.  we can go out in tornado weather.  tornadoes can do harm to humans. tornadoes are dangerous.  tornado weather is dangerous. laziness may lead us to success. lazy people can't succeed. laziness leads to mediocrity.  laziness may lead to failure. peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden.  rabbits can't grow in the soil.  a rabbit is an animal.  rabbits are animals no plants so rabbits can be placed on the ground in a garden but not planted in the ground.  my rabbit likes to eat hair.  "rabbits like vegetables, they don't like hair.". rabbit's do not eat hair.  rabbits don't eat hair.  he turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath.  vinegar doesn't come out of the tap. vinegar is a byproducts of apples not water and water is the liquid that comes from taps and is used to take a bath.  vinegar does not come from the tap.  high visibility in foggy weather. small particles will block people's sight in foggy weather.  fog prevents seeing distances.  fog reduces visibility. soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy. the soldier's task is to destroy the enemy.  soldiers do not obey the enemy.  "soldiers obey their commanders, not the enemy.". the dog likes to do his homework.  dogs can't do homework. "dogs may be intelligent, but they can't do tasks a youngster undertakes as part of their learning.". dogs do not do homework; people do.  peter was arrested by the police after helping others.  the police will only arrest those who break the law.  you don't get arrested for helping others - he didn't do anything wrong.  helping others does not usually get you arrested.  bamboo is a kind of tree.  bamboo is a kind of herbaceous plant.  bamboo is not a tree. bamboo is not  tree.  terrorism protects world peace. terrorism will destroy world peace. terrorism only brings hate.  terrorism attacks and kill people. man can have many arms.  man has only one arm.  man has only two arms so he cannot have many.  men only have 2 arms.  twins must have the same interests.  everyone has everyone's interests.  twins do not need to have the same interests because they are two differed individuals who think and act differently.  the brain of two persons will not think same. the shape of the sun changes with time.  the sun is always a circle.  the shape of the sun is perfecty round. sun does not undergo waxing and waning cycles so its shape remains unchanged.  we need water for the barbecue.  water can't be used for barbecue. barbecues are not ignited by water. "the barbecue needs fire, water is not needed". we can find mars on the map of the world.  mars is not recorded on the world map. mars is a planet. mars is a planet.  i like to drive with my feet.  driving with your feet is very dangerous.  someone driving with their feet would have no way to work the gas and brake pedals and keep their eyes on the road.  you need to use your hands to steer. i used a lighter to call my dad.  lighter can't make phone calls. a lighter does not emit the proper signals or waves for communication through  calling device.  a lighter is used to create fire.  we can go to the store and steal a new dress.  stealing is an illegal act. you should not steal.  "dresses can be bought at the store, but not stolen.". he likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back.  bookcase is too heavy for people to carry to school.  you cannot carry a bookcase on your back.  a bookcase is too heavy for a person to carry on his back.  trees usually grow lower than roses.  roses are much lower in height than trees.  "trees do not grow lower than roses, as seen in everyday life.". trees are typically much taller than rose bushes.  i like to bathe in the sunshine at night.  there is no sunshine at night.  the sun does not come out at night.  the sun is below the horizon at night and it's dark at this time.  earthquake is a terrible man-made disaster. earthquakes are often natural geological hazards.  earthquakes aren't man-made.  earthquakes are natural disasters. "when people are happy, they shed sad tears.". people don't cry when they are happy.  "when people are happy they can shed tears but they are happy, not sad, tears of joy.". "when people are happy, they either smile or cry happy tears.". the students entered the classroom through the window.  students should enter the classroom through the door.  people enter rooms by doors.  a door would be easier to get through.  we usually sleep on the table.  we should eat at the table.  we usually sleep on bed.  a table is not for sleeping.  people shed tears after strenuous exercise. tears have nothing to do with strenuous exercise. crying is not a side effect of exercise.  "people don't usually cry after exercising, but they do sweat.". people can usually travel by fighter plane.  fighter planes usually appear on the battlefield.  a fighter plane is small and used by the military.  average people do not have access to fighter planes.  we can use headphones to log on to the internet.  headphones can be used to listen to music.  headphones are only used for sound.  headphones are for listening to audio.  he put a little lime in the soup.  "lime is not edible, it is harmful to health, but salt can.". lime isn't normally a soup ingredient.  lime is not an ingredient for soup. he wants to drink water because he is very hungry. "when you are hungry, you should eat rather than drink water.". water does not fill you up as much as food.  drinking water is not the way to satiate the hunger.  fast food is very healthy.  "fast food contains a lot of trans fatty acids, which are harmful to health.". fast food is not good for you.  fast food affects health a lot as the ingredients are not healthy.  i go to the shopping mall every morning for breakfast.  the mall can't provide breakfast.  shopping malls are rarely open in the morning and do not serve breakfast.  shopping malls typically sell clothes and electronics rather than food.  "when i go to bed at night, i open the doors and windows.". opening doors and windows will leave a chance for thieves. people usually close their doors and windows at night. a burglar can come through an open door.  i like to park my plane in the garage.  there aren't huge planes in the garage.  planes are parked in hangars.  garage is too small to contain a plane. "he felt very hot, so he turned on the heating.". heating makes people feel hotter. turning on the heat will make you hotter.  if you are hot turning on the heating will only increase the problem.  "when you are injured, you should go to a hotel for treatment.". the hotel has no medical equipment to treat patients.  hotels will not have doctors to treat an injured person.  hotels do not provide medical treatment.  i got to know peter's idea by looking him in the eye.  looking at people doesn't understand his inner thoughts.  peter's idea needs words to explain.  i got to know peter by talking to him.  i like to go to restaurants to read books.  "the restaurant is very noisy and unsuitable for reading, but the library is suitable.". restaurants don't have books to read.  there are no books on restaurants. people usually mop the floor with new clothes.  "new clothes are for wear, not for mopping the floor, but mops are.". people mop the floor with rags.  one would not use new clothes to clean dirty floors.  humans hibernate in winter. humans will not hibernate. humans do not hibernate.  humans do not hibernate. i hate my teacher very much.  teachers teach us a lot of knowledge and we should respect them.  teachers deserve your respect.  hate is a strong word. fish can survive without water. fish cannot leave the water. fish live in water to survive and without water fish will die.  fish need water to live.  there are many tall trees in the desert.  the desert is very arid and unsuitable for plant life.  trees cannot survive in the desert.  there are few trees in the desert. honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities. "honesty and trustworthiness are virtues, not bad qualities.". human beings value honesty and trustworthiness in all walks of life.  honesty and trustworthiness are qualities liked by everyone. he needs to buy a table for his lunch.  "tables are inedible, but cakes are". lunch can be eaten even without a table.  you can't eat a table.  "he ran fastest, so he was the last to cross the finish line.". the fastest runner should be the first to reach the finish line.  "if he ran the fastest, he would be the first to cross the finish line.". the fastest person crosses the finish line first.  convenience stores usually sell some cars.  cars will not be sold in convenience stores. cars are not available in convenience stores.  convenience stores are too small to sell cars.  we can put our shoes in the bottle.  you can put shoes in shoebox but not bottles.  it is not possible to store shoes in a bottle.  shoes are too big to go into bottles.  there may be a big city on mars.  mars is not suitable for human habitation and there is no city.  mars in uninhabitable.  "there is no life on mars, let alone a city.". explorers usually like to explore in zoos. the zoo has no value for exploration.  explorers like to see animals in the wild.  zoos are not for exploring. people watch the sunrise at dusk. the sunrise is at dawn but not at dusk. the sun rises in the morning and sets at night so at dusk people watch the sunset and not the sunrise.  the sun sets at dusk.  i like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance.  "shoes don't have a call function, but phones have". there is no technology in a shoe to allow communication of any sort.  shoes do you talk.  he saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie.  dolphins cannot live on land. dolphins live in the ocean. dolphins live in the ocean.  sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest. sandstorms do not form in tropical rainforest. rainforests don't have enough sand to have a sandstorm. there is no sand in tropical rainforests.  myopic people need a pair of sunglasses. "sunglasses can only withstand sunshine, can not restore myopia". sun glasses does not correct vision problems. myopic people need a pair of myopic glasses.  dogs like catching mice. rats and cats are natural enemies. snakes like catching mice. dogs don't tend to show much interest in catching mice.  apple is a very sour fruit.  "apple is sweet, crisp and tasty. it's not sour.". a very sour fruit would be something like a lemon.  apple is sweet in taste.  children like to go to hospitals for treatment.  hospitals are a terrible place for children.  hospitals are scary places for children.  children normally are afraid of hospitals. spacecraft can travel on rail. rail tracks are not suitable for spacecraft. there are no spacecraft that are rail driven.  "a spacecraft is not fit to walk a rail, just in space". peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night. "when sleeping, you should spread out the quilt instead of folding it up.". peter would unfold his quilt to sleep with.  "when someone goes to bed, he/she unfolds quilt". "after the fracture, i'll go to the gym for treatment.". the gymnasium has no instruments to treat fractures.  "if you experience a fracture, avoid the gym as it will make things worse.". hospitals treat people.  drinking and driving is responsible behavior.  drunk driving is very dangerous and irresponsible.  drinking and driving is dangerous and puts others in harm's way.  drinking and driving is a bad decision.  peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs.  dinosaurs have long disappeared in this world. dinosaurs are extinct.  dinosaurs are extinct and thus no one can see them anymore.  make-up can make you uglier. makeup doesn't make people ugly but beautiful. make-up is used to enhanced one's features for improvement in looks not to make one look worse.  make-up makes someone more beautiful.  the duty of soldiers is to educate people.  it is the duty of teachers to teach and educate people.  soldiers fight for the country; not educate.  soliders are people who go to war and protect their people.  thinking can make people dull. thinking can make you more logical and smarter.  people who are dull spend little time thinking.  "thinking does not make someone dull, there is no connection between the two.". peter bought a giant panda as his pet. giant pandas can't be pets. "giant pandas are a protected and endangered species, so they aren't for sale.". a giant panda cannot be a pet. "peter doesn't like bathing, so he's very clean.". only bathing can make you clean. bathing makes you clean.  not bathing makes you dirty.  the teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen. pens can't write on the blackboard. "we use chalk to write on a blackboard, not a pen". chalk is used on blackboard.  there will be breathing after death.  "after death, the heart stops beating and there is no breathing.". breathing takes place in the living so after death no breathing will take place.  you do not breathe after you die.  ostriches like to fly in the sky. an ostrich is a flightless bird.  ostriches cannot fly.  only small birds can fly in the sky.  little sheep like to eat stones. little sheep will die if they eat stones. sheep don't eat stones.  stone are very hard to digest. i like to go for a walk on the sea.  "man cannot walk on the sea, but can in the park". humans cannot walk on water.  you cannot walk on water.  "peter helped the other students, so he was scolded by his teacher.". helping students should be praised by teachers.  teachers like it when students help others.  helping others should not get you scolded.  i work 400 days a year.  there are only 365 days in a year at most.  there are only 365 days in a year.  there are not 400 days in a year.  i saw a tree running past.  "trees are immovable, but rabbits can". trees do not run.  "tree are static in position binded with the roots inside the soil ,also trees are not having legs as humans/animals etc have.". the sun looks very square.  the sun is a huge circular sphere.  "the sun is circular in shape, not square.". the sun is a sphere. i usually have lunch with a comb.  "a comb is used for combing hair, and chopsticks are for eating.". eating with a comb would be both messy and unsanitary.  "you can't eat food with a comb, it's not a utensil.". i like going to the cinema to listen to movies.  movies are watched with the eyes.  going to the cinema is a seeing and hearing experience in which you cannot just listen to movies.  cinemas have a huge screen to watch movies.  i opened the door and let my elephant in.  elephants are usually much larger than doors.  an elephant is bigger than a front door.  elephants cannot fit through doors.  people can drink seawater directly.  seawater is rich in salt and is not suitable for human consumption.  sea water is too salty to drink.  seawater can not be drunk directly.  gloves make your hands colder. gloves can keep your hands warm.  gloves to keep our hands warm and protect them from the elements.  most gloves are used to keep your hands warm.  leaves begin to turn green in autumn.  leaves begin to turn yellow and wither in autumn.  leaves turn green in the summer.  they fall off the trees in autumn.  i can see the aurora at the equator. "aurora can only occur in the polar regions, but not at the equator". the aurora is only at the north. there is no aurora at the equator.  every boy likes to wear high heels. high heels are for girls but not boys usually.  boys do not wear high heels.  high heels are worn by girls. a man has a longer neck than the giraffe.  the human neck is very short.  a giraffe's neck is very much longer than a human's neck.  giraffes have a much longer neck than humans. cats swim fast in the water.  cats are so afraid of water that they could not swim in it.  a normal cat will not even attempt to swim in water in the first place.  cats are typically averse to water and don't swim at all.  the train flies very fast.  "trains can't fly, but the airplane can.". trains do not fly.  trains don't fly. hotel usually has many teachers.  "teachers work in schools, not hotels.". teachers do not work at hotels.  "a hotel usually has staff, not teachers". tornadoes bring benefits to humans. tornadoes can destroy human buildings and cause endless disasters.  tornadoes can cause damage and chaos for humans.  "tornadoes can ruin peoples homes or lives, they are not beneficial.". hot pot is very sweet.  hot pot is a very spicy chinese food.  hot and sweet are categorically different tastes.  hot pot has spicy taste. i like to listen to the tv every morning.  "television is for watching, not listening.". we watch television.  you watch the television.  i drink a glass of oil every morning.  oil is not drinkable. drinking oil is not healthy. you fo not drink oil by itself. human hair turns red with age.  human hair does not turn red but turn white under natural conditions. "human hair doesn't turn red as we get older, it turns white or gray.". old people don't develop naturally red hair.  firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire. oil will make the fire more intense. oil will not do anything to stop fires.  oil would spread the fire. the earth is the largest planet in the solar system.  "there are many larger planets than the earth in the solar system, such as the sun". the earth is not the largest planet in the solar system as there are many planets that are larger than the earth.  the largest planet in the solar system is jupiter.  cars float on the water. the car will sink in the water.  "cars are not built as flotation devices; they have holes that water can penetrate, and they will sink.". cars are too heavy too float on the water.  hens crow every day. hens don't crow. "hens don't crow, they lay eggs.". hens cluck everyday. he likes to eat basketball.  people can eat apples but not basketballs.  basketballs are not a food so he cannot eat them as the substance is not eatable.  basketballs are not edible.  there will be many ponds in the desert.  the desert is very arid and very short of water.  the desert has no water.  "deserts are dry, barren, and filled with sand.". the water in the pond eventually converges to the sea.  water in a pond cannot flow.  the pond does not flow to the sea. ponds do not connect to the sea.  i like swimming in the classroom.  "classroom is the place for studying, and the swimming pool is for swimming". people swim in swimming pools.  it is not possible to swim in the classroom because there is no water.  i like to write with a kitchen knife. a kitchen knife can't be used for writing.  it is impossible to write with a kitchen knife. kitchen knives are for cutting.  hens can lay chickens.  hens are not allowed to breed chickens directly.  chickens are not born outside of eggs.  "an egg must hatch before we call it a chicken, and the egg cannot hatch before it is laid.". water evaporates into ice.  water freezes at low temperatures.  water does not evaporate to ice. ice is made from frozen water.  i like to use ice for heating.  "ice does not provide heat, but the fire can". ice makes things cold.  ice is a frozen item and is cold and wouldn't be used to heat anything.  too much exercise can cause sadness. excessive muscle activity can lead to fatigue. exercise is not linked with unhappiness.  there is no need to feel sad after exercise.  "it rarely rains these days, so the sales of umbrellas have increased". more people buy umbrellas on rainy days. you don't need an umbrella if it rarely rains. if rain reduces then umbrella sales would decrease. usually there are many televisions in the kitchen. the television is usually placed in the living room. kitchens are not the place people watch tv.  usually there are many bowls in the kitchen.  eggs are from chicken farmers' body. eggs are collected by chicken farmers from hens. human does not lay eggs. eggs are from chickens. i put my books in the refrigerator. shelf is used to hold books. "books do not belong in a refrigerator, as they gain no benefit from being cold.". books do not go in a refrigerator. everyone is never too old to study breathing. "language is an acquired skill, while breathing is an innate ability". no one is too old to study breathing.  "breathing is an innate function, it is not studied.". this house sounds very good. no one can hear the house. we can describe a house by it's looks.  "houses typically don't make any noises that would ""sound good.""". whales live in the desert. the desert lacks water on which whales live.  whales do not live in the desert.  the desert is dry and whales need water to live. he used the oven as his dinner.  the oven is not edible.  one cannot eat an oven for dinner. they can use it to cook.  the oven is a kitchen appliance.  he wanted to rest because he was very hungry.  "if you are hungry, you should eat instead of rest.". hunger does not make you tired.  rest helps a person if he is tired.  apple is a junk food. "apple is nutritious, not junk food". an apple is a fruit which his a healthy food to eat.  apple is nutritious food. i go to the hotel every month to exercise.  "hotels are places to stay and eat, and gyms for exercising". hotel does not have weights and workout arrangements. hotels are made for rest.  "when the car is damaged, we can go to the hospital to repair it.". hospitals has no tools for repairing cars.  the hospital does not repair cars.  a car is repaired in a mechanic shop.  pupils drive cars to school.  pupils are not allowed to drive.  pupils are too young to drive cars.  pupils are under driving age.  the arctic is very hot.  "the arctic receives less sunlight, so it's colder.". the arctic is covered in icecaps an is not known for being hot.  "the arctic is not very hot, its one of the coldest places on earth.". you should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold.  wearing fewer clothes will make you feel colder. wearing fewer clothes makes you feel more cold.  "not wearing clothes allows body heat to escape more readily, so not wearing clothes will make a person feel colder.". i like going to the cinema to watch basketball games.  you should go to the basketball court to watch a basketball match.  one goes to a cinema to watch movies ane goes to an arean to watch a basketball game.  basketball games take place at a basketball court.  people often wipe their sweat with bedsheets.  the sheets are laid on the bed for sleeping.  sweat would make bedsheets dirty.  "people only wipe their sweat with bedsheets in specific instances, not as a common occurrence.". people usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight.  eating a lot of food can make people fatter.  eating a lot of food will make you gain weight. dieting causes weight loss.  birds usually sleep on the ground.  birds usually sleep in their nests on the trees rather than on the ground.  most birds build nests in trees and sleep in them.  birds are not safe if they sleep on grounds.  i like people who are irritable with me.  an irritable person can be very disgusting.  most people do not like irritable people. we usually like to be around nice people because we avoid being angry. water contains a lot of pigments.  water is a colorless transparent liquid and does not contain pigments.  "water by itself does not contain anything, including added dyes.". water is colorless.  i can dig an apple out of the soil.  apples don't grow in the soil but on the tree.  apples don't grow underground. apples grow on trees.  police usually release bad people.  "the duty of the police is to punish the evil, and of course not to release the bad guys.". police usually release good people. it is the duty of the police to keep the bad people in prison.  he likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast.  bowls and chopsticks are not edible.  bowls and chopsticks are not edible to have for breakfast.  bowls and chopsticks are not fit for human consumption.  food processing factory will supply us with furniture.  furniture factories usually produce furniture.  food processing factory will supplies food.  a food processing factory makes food products and cannot process furniture which is made of materials  so a food processing factory cannot supply furniture.  "it was sunny, so many people took their elephants for a walk.". it's impossible for many ordinary people to raise an elephant.  people do not have pet elephants that they would walk.  "people don't own elephants as pets, so they wouldn't take them out for walks.". there may be villages in the ocean. "man cannot live in the sea, so there are no villages in the sea.". villages exists on land.  villages appear on the surface of the earth.  astronauts usually travel to space by train.  "trains can't fly, let alone go into space.". trains cannot go to space. a train is not equipped to travel in space. sheep like to graze grass on the sea.  sheep cannot live in the sea. grass does not grow on the sea.  grass does not grow on the sea.  i like flying kites in my bedroom.  "the bedroom is a place to sleep, not to fly a kite.". kites cannot be flown indoors.  there is not enough room or wind to fly a kite in a bedroom. he missed the last flight of the hotel.  there is no airport in the hotel.  there are no airplanes at hotels. the hotel does not fly.  he likes to play online games on his desk.  there are no online games on the table.  "online games are not played on a desk, as they need to be played online.". you play board games on a desk.  he writes in bottles. bottles can't be used for writing.  writing is done on paper. bottles are to hold liquid.  boys now usually have a long braid. boys don't like braids now. boys have short hair.  boys do not typically have hair long enough to braid.  it often rains in the desert.  the desert is so dry that it seldom rains.  deserts have a small amount of rain each year.  "it rarely rains in the desert, that's why deserts are so dry.". people can eat with their noses.  "the nose is for breathing, not for eating.". noses are for smelling.  it is not possible to consume food through your nose.  i saw a bird running over quickly.  "birds usually fly in the sky and do not run on the ground, but cats can run.". birds fly when they need to move fast.  birds are only capable of flying and hopping.  "in order to study mathematics, i enrolled in a basketball class.". basketball class can't learn mathematics. basketball clases do not teach mathematics.  basketball class will not teach mathematics skills.  football players like to play the ball with their hands.  it's against the rules to touch the ball by hand in a football match.  football is played on the ground.  football players use a football in a game to protect and throw/kick it for scoring but not to play with it with their hands.  a lion is a vegetarian. "the lion likes to eat meat, so it is not a vegetarian.". a lion eats meat so it cannot be a vegetarian which eats plants etc.  a lion does not eat greens. there are thirteen months in a year.  the international rule is only twelve months a year.  the current calendar does not support there being thirteen months in a year.  a year consists of twelve months so there are never thrteen months in a year.  "his mother died, and he was very happy.". the death of a loved one is a very sad thing.  no one will be happy for a death. "if your mother dies, you should be sad.". everyone sleepwalks while sleeping. not everyone sleepwalks after falling asleep.  sleepwalking is rare.  most people do not sleepwalk.  the moonlight shines through the wall into the room.  moonlight cannot penetrate walls. walls block light.  "sunshine shines through a window which is in a wall, but sunshine cannot shine through a wall.". sports are very necessary for human beings.  "human beings will die if they don't eat, but can still live without sports". sports are not necessary to sustain life.  not everyone enjoys sports.  drinking and driving is a very safe thing.  alcohol paralyzes the brain and prohibits driving.  drinking and driving are not safe for anyone because it leads to impairment.  drinking and driving can injure you and others.  i took the ice cream out of the stove.  ice cream melts in the stove. stove produce heat. stove is not a place to store an ice cream.  he left his car in his bedroom.  cars can't get into the bedroom. a car is parked in a garage.  cars belong in the garage.  i'm chatting with animals.  "animals can't talk, they can't talk to people.". animals do not speak so one can only chat at the animals not with them.  animals can not understand human language and talk back. there are many trains in space.  trains do not exist in space. there are no train tracks in space.  trains have never been sent into space.  i like to buy clothes in the gym.  the gym does not sell clothes.  gyms don't usually sell clothing.  gym is a place where we cannot buy clothes.  human beings usually live on the moon.  the moon is not suitable for human habitation.  no human being lives on the moon.  life for human in moon is not possible.  he likes to eat apple core.  the apple core is not suitable for eating.  "most people do not eat the apple cores, although science recently said that is where 90% of the healthy bacteria is.". "the flesh of the apple is the part eaten, not the core.". water turns into ice in a stove. a stove makes water boil. "stove's are used to make water hotter, ergo they cannot turn to ice in a stove.". "water requires extreme cold to turn into ice and a stove is used for heating, so water cannot freeze in a stove.". the car bumped the plane.  "cars are driving on the land, but the planes are flying in the sky". car is not allowed in the runways. car and plane travel in different modes of travel. i want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes.  "giraffes live at the zoo, not the botanical garden". botanical gardens do not have animals.  botanical gardens are filled with flower/plants and a giraffe is seen at a zoo which hold animals so one cannot see giraffes in a botanical garden.  there was a theft here so i called the travel agency. a travel agency is not helpful when dealing with a theft. a travel agency doesn't enforce the law.  travel agencies don't help with theft.  i go to the gym to see animals.  a gym is a place for sports and there are no animals.  animals are not present in a gym.  animals do not hang out in gyms.  i had football for dinner. football is sporting goods and can't be eaten.  footballs are not edible.  footballs are not typically edible.  outdated food is edible. outdated food is not good for health. you should not eat outdated food.  food that is out of date may taste bad or be unsafe to eat.  "in order to exercise, i learn to draw.". painting is not a form of exercise.  drawing doesn't make you sweat.  drawing is not a kind of exercise.  staying up late is good for your health. staying up late decreases human function and may lead to sudden death. sleep is necessary for health.  not sleeping enough can eventually cause psychosis. bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly. everyone can ride a bicycle as long as they can ride it.  bicycle drivers doesn't need to be examined strictly because they are not responsable for a lot of people.  bicycle driving does not have any risk. the sea is sweet. the seawater contains a lot of salt.  "the sea does not contain sugar, or anything that makes it taste sweet". the ocean has salt in its composition. africans skin is white. high temperatures keep africans' skins black. africans have dark skin. africans have black skin.  achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise. exercise can lead to more severe achilles tendon fractures.  strenuous exercise is not an occurrence from an achilles tendon fracture. it is an injury and not a type of exercise.  we can play computer games for a long time. playing computer games for a long time can lead to poor eyesight. playing computer games for too long can be detrimental to your health.  playing games on computer is not good for our health and for our eyes.  the moon can be used as a tourist destination. the environment of the moon is not suitable for human travel.  the moon is to far and to expensive to be used as a tourist destination.  moon is too far from the earth. he takes a bath in the restaurant every day. restaurant is a place to eat. bath needs to go to bathroom.  a restaurant doesn't have a shower and soap to take a bath. restaurants are for dining. einstein is a famous philosopher. einstein made a great contribution to the cause of physics.  philosophy is a different job than physicist.  philosophy is not what einstein was known for.  homeless people are rich. people who do not have money become homelessness. homeless people do not have much money.  "rich people only can buy homes , poor people can't.". he treats me so bad that i like him so much. people would have bad feelings about unfriendly people. "commonly, being treated badly is not a trait that one would enjoy or a reason to like someone". bad treatmeant usually doesn't inspire feelings of endearment.  she danced to the cello. cello is an instrument that can not be danced to. it is not possible to dance to cello. a stationary silent cello is not good to dance to.  thieves are not punished for stealing. thieves will be punished by law for stealing.  people are actually punished for stealing.  thieves gets punished for stealing.  we should disobey traffic rules.  traffic paralysis due to non-compliance with traffic regulations. traffic rules exist for safety.  traffic rules are meant to be followed.  golf balls i had for dinner. golf can't be eaten.  golf balls are not edible.  golf balls are a sports item.  i can watch piano music.  music comes in through the ear.  music in not visual. music can only be heard.  watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health. mobile phones emit radiation. watching mobile phones for long hours  damages human health.  watching mobile phones for a long time can damage our sight.  pencils will harden after they are used up. rubber aging occurs during use. pencils gets soft when they are used up.  "pencils start hard, but get shorter as used.". it's very hot in winter.  the sun shines all over the earth in summer. winter is cold weather.  the winter has cold weather.  the road can wash clothes.  the road can only be used for walking.  roads are for driving on and have no mechanism for washing.  a road is not a human to wash clothes.  we can drink too much cold food.  drinking more cold drinks can lead to gastrointestinal discomfort.  only liquids can be drunk.  food is not meant to be drank.  human blood is green. "human blood contains red blood cells, which are red.". the color of human blood is incorrect.  every human on earth has red blood.  the atomic bomb is a terrible animal.  atomic bombs do not belong to animals. the atomic bomb is not an animal.  atomic bomb is not a living creature.  man is a solitary animal.  people need to be social to make friends and get information. man is a social animal. "man is an animal that lives in society, so he cannot be lonely.". long exposure to sunlight is good for health. long exposure to sunlight can lead to skin diseases. too much exposure is bad. sunlight rays doesn't contain anything for good health. we often bathe in the sand.  sand can not help us clean our body. sand is not a proper bathing medium and will not get you clean.  sand is not a liquid so it can't be used to bathe in. i like eating tigers very much.  eating tigers is an illegal act. tigers are found in zoos.  tigers are not meant to be eaten.  birds can swim freely in the water.  birds can only fly in the sky.  "birds do not swim typically, they fly". birds only live in land. i use bears as my toys. bears are wild animals and cannot be used as toys.  bears are wild animals that can harm people and should not be played with as toys.  "bears would be very dangerous toys, even tame ones could hurt you.". i eat hot pot by hand. eating hot pot with your hands can burn your hands.  you will burn your hands if you touch it.  hot pot is eaten with chopsticks because it is hot.  i like to talk to my dog.  dogs don't talk.  dogs can't talk back.  dogs cannot talk.  motorcycle riders should wear hats. hats do not protect the head. hats will not protect the rider in a crash.  hats do not protect a motorcycle rider's head.  we can keep pandas as pets. pandas are rare thus protected. pandas are not allowed to be help as pets.  pandas cannot be kept as pets. drinking alcohol is good for health. alcohol can damage liver function. drinking alcohol is very detrimental to your health.  alcohol can be harmful in excessive portions.  you don't need a passport to enter a foreign country. passport proves a person's nationality and identity and it's required when entering a foreign country. if you go to a foreign country without a passport you will be turned away or detained.  "if you do not have a passport, you will not be allowed into a foreign country.". "when america is during wintertime, australia is also during wintertime". the seasons in the north and south hemispheres are opposite. "earth tilts, causing opposite seasons.". "australia is in the southern hemisphere so when america is in wintertime, australia is in summertime unless it is south america.". usually there are many buildings in a forest. a forest is an ecological system where plants and animals live. forests are often lacking buildings. "everyone knows that their are not many buildings in a forest, its always lots of trees.". i ate baseballs for breakfast. baseball is not a kind of food. baseballs are not edible.  eating a baseball wouldn't make for a good breakfast. it is a sports product.  peter lied and his mother praised him. lying is not right thus should not be encouraged. no one praises for a wrong activity. lying is generally considered something worthy of punishment.  "after the sunrise, the sky will turn dark". sunrise is the start of a daytime. "after the sun rises, the sky lightens and the day begins.". sunrise will be turning light. humans can breathe underwater. humans need air to breathe but there is not enough air underwater. "many fish can breathe underwater, but humans are unable to.". humans need air to breathe. i have five eyes. "usually, humans have two eyes". people only have two eyes.  a person only typically has two eyes.  the peach is a kind of animal. peaches grow on peach trees. an animal is a living creature.  there is no animal called peach.  12-year-old mary is shorter than she was six years ago.  children grow taller when they grow up. children grow taller with age.  between six and twelve children grow taller.  this dress tastes very good. no one can eat a dress. you can not eat a dress. only food can be eaten.  i put my pens in my wash bag. wash bags are for toiletries. pens do not get washed.  you should not wash your pens.  watermelons grow on trees. watermelons grow on vines but not on trees. "watermelons grow on vines on the ground, not in trees.". watermelons grow in the ground.  most people have two heads. a human normally has one head. most people have one head.  we do not have enough room on our shoulders for two heads. the proposal usually happens after the wedding. people usually propose first before they get married. the proposal usually happens before the wedding. there is nothing to propose after a wedding.  he likes fishing by a desert. there is no fish in the desert. you cannot fish in a desert.  a desert has no water.  "if you want to get good grades, you'd better have parties". having parties is not a good way to improve your grades. there is no connection between having parties and getting good grades.  parties will not help you get good grades.  you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed. the closed door will block the way. one cannot enter a room if the door is closed unless one opens the door to provide entry into a room.  one cannot walk through a closed door.  you need to be asleep to stay up. staying up means not going to sleep at night. staying up means we are not asleep.  being asleep is the opposite of being awake.  i had an umbrella for lunch today. an umbrella is not something that can be eaten. umbrellas are not edible.  umbrellas are not edible.  the hunter caught a shark in the forest. "sharks live in the sea, not the forest". "sharks live in the ocean, and can't survive in a forest.". sharks are found in the sea not in forest.  i'm tired now so i need to take some exercise. taking exercise could make people feel more tired. i am tired now so i won't go to the gym anymore but will get a well needed rest and be ready to go again.  exercise tires people out.  i can hear the pictures on the wall. pictures are not sound and can't be heard. "pictures are images, not sounds, so they cannot be heard, only seen.". pictures do not make sounds. my home is 2 kilometers from school and i take a plane to school everyday. taking a plane is not necessary for such a short distance as 2 kilometers. plane is an object that cannot be used to travel for 2 kilometers.  planes are used for much longer trips.  people go to the park when they are sick. a park is not a place where you can get medical treatment. "if you are sick, see a doctor.". sick people cannot be taken to the park.  i am waiting for the train at the bus station. "the train stops at the train station, not the bus station". buses go to bus stations and not trains.  "one would wait for a bus at a bus station and a train at a train station, not a train at a bus station.". i want to go to the north pole to see penguins. "penguins live at the south pole, not the north pole". there are no penguins at the north pole.  penguins are only on the south pole.  there was a car accident so i called the travel agency. a travel agency is not helpful when dealing with a car accident. a travel agency isn't an emergency service during a car accident.  "travel agencies typically arrange trips, rather than deal with emergency situations.". i go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends. "cinema is a place to watch movies, not to go swimming". a swimming pool cannot be found in a cinema. swimming requires the use of water and cinema's are created for viewing movies so one cannot swim in a cinema.  every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall. light can't penetrate the wall. the sun cannot shine through the wall.  the sun doesn't cross the wall. columbus created america. america is not something that can be created by a human. "the land later known as america was already in existence before 1492, so columbus could not have created it himself.". "columbus did not create america, but was one who found the land.". i put my phone in my shoe. people normally don't put their phones in shoes. phones don't belong in shoes; only feet belong in shoes.  shoe is meant for legs. i learned to swim to enjoy art. swimming is a sport but not a way to enjoy art. swimming is not considered art.  swimining is not an art.  suit is a good quality of a person. suit is not a quality of a person. a suit is something a person wears.  a suit is a type of clothing item.  fasten your seat belt after you drive. the car won't start until the seat belt is fastened. fastening your seatbelt after driving provides no safety benefit.  you should fasten before you drive. birds can breathe in the water. birds have no gills thus can only breathe in air. birds can not live under water.  "birds must breathe air, and they would drown in the water.". we can see the future through photos. "photos record things happened in the past, not things will happen in the future". photos cannot be taken of the future. photos are present situation. two people who love each other must marry each other. marriage is not a requirement or obligation. there are no laws requiring marriage.  people who love each other don't necessarily have to marry each other. good-looking people must have better chances to success. physical appearance has nothing to do with success. success comes from talent and dedication.  good looks has nothing to do with success.  tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it. the teacher will be unhappy for students being absent. a teacher is not happy when a student misses class. teachers are not usually happy when their students are absent from class.  he takes a shower in his closet every morning. "closet in a place to put clothes in, not to take a shower". is impossible to take a shower in the closet. closet is too small size for taking shower. the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history. discovery is to find something that already exists. "the plane is not a discovery in human history, but an invention made by humans in order to fly.". why is the plane is one of the most important.whats in it. i had some toothpaste for my breakfast. toothpaste is not humans' food. toothpaste is used for brushing teeth.  you can not eat toothpaste.  homeless people are enviable. homelessness is not something good that people would envy about. there is not much to envy of the homeless.  being homeless is an unpleasant state that most would prefer to avoid.  he treats me so nice that i hate him so much. people would have good feelings about friendly people. when people treat you nicely it is generally reciprocated.  someone does not hate someone that treats them nicely. she danced to the piano. piano is an instrument that can not be danced to. a piano is accompanied by singing only.  the piano is an unsafe dancing surface.  jack works at a garage as a waiter. a garage doesn't need waiters. garage have only mechanic. a garage is where cars are repaired.  people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays. "the cake is a kind of food, not a drink". people eat cakes.  "cakes are food, so they are eaten and not drunk.". my mother's mother is my grandfather. my mother's mother should be a woman. my mother's mother is female so she cannot be a grandather which is male.  a female cannot be a grandfather.  "people say ""excuse me"" after being helped". """excuse me"" is to express apology". "it is rude to say ""excuse me"" after being helped.". """excuse me"" is used when you are trying to get someone's attention.". it costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot. walking doesn't cost money. there is no fee required for walking.  going on foot does not cost anything.  lily worked very hard because she got good grades. "getting good grades is the result of working hard, not the cause". "she had to work hard to get the grades, not the other way around". working hard will give you good grades.  you must go to college after graduation from high school. people are free to decide whether to go to college or not. you can do whatever you want after graduating high school. "not everybody has to go to college, there are others options after high school.". i picked a peanut from the tree. peanuts don't grow on trees. peanuts do not grow on trees. peanuts grow in the ground.  i don't feel hungry any more after a nap. a nap can't make you full. only food can reduce hunger. "a nap does not fill you up, it rests you". a restroom is a place for dining. the restroom is a place for people to go to the toilet. a restroom is a place for using the bathroom.  the restroom is a place for using the bathroom.  a spider has six legs. a spider has eight legs. spiders have eight legs.  spider's have eight legs.  i had a bad day and i was excited. a bad day would make people feel bad. a bad day makes people sad.  nobody is happy in a bad day. "my clothes are dirty, so i wear them". people don't want to wear dirty clothes. dirty clothes need washing before wearing again.  people do not wear dirty clothes.  i like to watch the moon rise in the morning. the moon comes out in the evening. "the moon rises at night, and sets in the morning.". the sun rises in the morning and the moon sets at night so one watches the sun rise in the morning not the moon.  my leg was stolen yesterday. a leg is a part of the human body and cannot be stolen. "unless you have an artificial leg, it would not be possible for someone to remove your leg from your body in order to steal it.". a leg is attached to a body and cannot be stolen.  he jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid. "if someone is drowning, he or she must be in the water, not the sandpit". you can only drown in water.  "people drown in water, not sand.". i caught a cold and i felt energetic. being sick can leave you with no energy. colds make us tired.  colds make you feel tired.  i made a fire after cooking. people use fire to cook. you should make a fire before cooking.  the fire would have to be made before cooking.  we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace. putting out the fire in the fireplace will only make us feel colder. fire will be putout when one feels hot. people use fireplaces to stay warm and avoid coldness.  steve drove back to california from australia. you need to take a ship or plane to go to the u.s. from australia. car cannot be used for oversea travel.  "because australia is an island, it is impossible to drive across the ocean to california.". you can go when there is a stop sign. not stopping at a stop sign is violating the traffic rules. a green light means you can go.  if you go during a stop sign you might get ran over.  a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall. a cleaner is in charge of cleaning not the products. it isn't a cleaner's job to know the price of products in the mall.  cleaner's aren't the best people to ask questions about prices at the mall. children must learn to ride bikes by themselves. children can get others' help when learning to ride a bike. learn to ride a bike is a activity which is good to have someone to help when you're a child. children learn from others. a little baby can live alone. "a little baby cannot get food, water, and money by him(her)self". a little baby is not an adult. babies need love and support from parents.  money can buy families. families can't be bought. humans are not objects to be bought. "money is used to purchase items for families, so because families are people and not for sale, money cannot buy them.". money can buy happiness. happiness is not something like the movie tickets that you can buy. the old saying is money can't buy happiness.  money cannot buy a psychological state.  drivers may not obey traffic regulations.  failure to comply with traffic regulations may lead to traffic accidents. you will get in trouble if you don't obey traffic regulations.  drives have to obey traffic regulations or something bad will happen.  i bought my favorite writer's new book from the farmers' market. there are no books for selling in a farmers' market. books are not sold in any farmers' market.  only fruits and vegetables are sold in a farmer's market. lily met her boyfriend on the moon. there's no life in the moon. there are no human habitants on the moon.  people do not live on the moon.  i start working when i am not feeling well. people need rest when they are not feeling well. one cannot work when one does not feel well.  "people who are sick generally do not perform work as well as people who are healthy, as their symptoms cause delays and can be distracting.". ocean water tastes sweet. there is no sugar in ocean water. ocesn water contains salt and cannot taste sweet.  ocean water is salt water and salt is not sweet.  talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite. talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater would disturb others and is a terrible behavior. talking on the phone is a distraction from the movie.  people do not want others to talk in the theater. the mother lost patience and kissed the girl. people will do awful things when they are impatient. usually mothers would not kiss a girl if they lost patience except if it were their own child.  loosing patience makes ones angry and if you are angry the chances of kissing which is part love is zero. "if you want the baby to laugh, you can shout at it". shouting at a baby would frighten it rather than make it laugh. when one shouts at a baby it  starts crying.  babies generally cry if you shout at them.  we should keep the cookies in a moist place.  cookies in a moist place would turn soft and less delicious. cookies shouldn't be kept in a moist place because they'll get soggy.  cookies can damage in moist place. i learned a new skill after lots of resting. rest will not enable one to master a new skill. you don't learn anything resting. lots of resting make people lazy.  she felt very nervous after delivering a speech. "since the speech has been delivered, she doesn't need to be nervous anymore". after delivering a speech would be the time for the nervousness to be gone.  """nervous"" is an anticipatory feeling, something that's felt before an event occurs.". the apple is fresh so i threw it into the trash bin. fresh fruits are good and should not be thrown away. fresh food can be eaten or stored; it is unnecessary and wasteful to throw it away.  a person would not throw away an apple that was fresh because it is fine to eat.  mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed. parents would get terribly worried rather than relaxed if their kids run away from home. mother lives for children. when someone ran away we get very tense not relaxed.  i read the news in the newspaper every morning as i drive. people cannot read and drive at the same time. humans only have two hands. it is too dangerous to read and drive at the same time.  there is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot. the ground of the parking lot cannot produce reflections. the parking lot is not made of water.  "asphalt and concrete, the typical materials used for making parking lots, do not form a reflective surface.". you can always buy a book from the library. you can usually borrow but not buy a book from the library. library only lend books. "you rent books at libraries, not buy them.". starbucks is the name of a theatre. "starbucks is a coffee shop, not a theatre". starbucks does not produce movies.  "starbucks is a coffee retail, they do not show movies in starbucks.". caterpillars used to be butterflies. a butterfly grows from a caterpillar. caterpillars turn into butterflies.  caterpillar is the earlier stage of development in butterflies life.  his lifestyle is black. "black is not a word to describe one's lifestyle, but green is". a black lifestyle is not a thing.  your lifestyle cannot be a color.  i bought a ticket and played in a baseball game. "people buy tickets to watch a game, not to play a game". only athletes can play in organized sports events.  "playing a baseball game require training,coaching and selection". american people speak american. american is not a kind of language and american people speak english. american in not a language.  american is a label on people who live in america.  there is a shark living in my fish tank. "a shark cannot be kept in a fish tank, it's too big and dangerous". you should not have a shark in your fish tank.  fish tank is not a larger water body. parents often punish their children for behaving well. behaving well is a nice thing which deserves rewarding rather than punishing. parent should not punish for good behavior.  punishment is a negative action.  lions can climb trees. lions don't have the ability to climb trees. lions live on the ground and do not climb trees.  lions are not used to climbing trees.  i open the closet and see the sky. you cannot see the outside world through the closet. a cupboard does not have the inside facing outwards; it is closed.  there was a hole in the ceiling of the closet.  i am wearing a pair of binoculars. binocular is not something people would wear. binoculars are not something meant to be warn.  one person can use only on binoculars at a time.  i first met my boyfriend on september the 31st. there are only 30 days in september. there are only 30 days in september. there are not 31 days in september.  the day before friday is saturday. the day after friday is saturday. the  day before sunday is saturday. saturday comes after friday.  turn on the lights when driving in the rain. turning the lights on is not helpful when driving in the rain. a train is driven by a train driver.  vehicle lights don't wipe rain water off the windscreen.  my dream is to be a doctor because i want to educate people. "educating people is the teachers' duty, not the doctors'". doctors cure people not educate them.  a doctor's job is not to educate people.  you need to speed up when driving to a school area. we should drive carefully and slowly when passing through school areas. "a school area has young people around, so you have to drive at low speed.". speeding in a school zone is dangerous to school children.  we should put the carton in the non-recycling bin. cartons are recyclable. a carton is a recycling object.  you should recycle paper.  he put the staples into the lighter. there is no room for staples in the lighter. "you can't put staples into a lighter, they're not designed for that.". staples don't go in lighters. "after the accident, she called the police to pay for the damage". it's not the police's duty to pay for the damage after a car accident. the police will not pay for things.  police do not pay for damages.  she drew a picture with a flute. "a flute is a kind of instrument, not a painting tool". "a flute is for playing music, it cannot draw.". flutes cannot be used to draw.  i cut the paper with erasers. eraser is used to erase pencil marks and it cannot cut things. erasers cannot cut paper. sn eraser is too soft to cut paper.  john is using a knife to eat his soup. a knife cannot hold liquid so it is not suitable for eating soup. you cannot use a knife to eat liquid.  it's hard to eat soup with a knife.  the blocks fell down because the child began to cry. the child crying cannot cause the blocks to fall down. a child crying does not have the ability to cause items to fall.  blocks are non living thing. my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so i opened my windows. opening the windows would only let more noise come in. opening windows allows more sound to come in.  opening windows will only allow more sound to come in.  the light was too dim so i began reading. dim light is not suitable for reading. you need light to read.  to read you will need good lighting and dim lighting would make doing so very difficult. "she caught a cold, so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others". a helmet cannot help to prevent transmission of germs. for health reasons one would use a mask to cover the face and not spread germs and a helmet is used basically in sports to protect the head.  helmet is used while driving. he put on his shoes with his eyes. the eyes cannot do the actions of putting on the shoes. you cannot use your eyes to put on your shoes.  one can not use eyes to put on his/her shoes.  we held a party in the library last week. the library is a place where people read and study and parties are not allowed in it. a library is a quiet place to study.  "libraries are quiet places, not for parties.". my cat's nails are so short that they scratch me. "short nails won't scratch people, long nails will". very short nails do not scratch.  cat's nails are naturally long. after finishing the assignment i felt stressful. there's no need to feel stressful after the assignment is finished. stressful cannot be appear after finishing the assignment.  completing the work will lead to a calming effect.  i missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease. missing the deadline is a depressing thing. missing deadlines can cause anxiety.  "if you miss a deadline, you would feel upset, not at ease.". he put out the fire by pouring oil on it. the oil would only make it burn even hotter. oil will make a fire stronger.  oil accelerates fire.  there are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe.  air is sufficient on the earth and there won't be a shortage of air in any area.  there are peoples enough to breath.  air is present everywhere on earth.  "when there is too much sunlight, there is a risk for flood". sunlight is not the cause of the flood. "sunlight evaporates water and means that the flood tables are likely low, so floods are unlikely.". sunlight is not responsible for floods. my favorite thing is skiing in the lake. a lake is not the right place for skiing. only water skiing is done in the lake.  skiing is done in the air. he disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert. people won't go to a singer's concert because they dislike this singer. he wouldn't want to see a singer he dislikes.  one does not go the concert of a singer if he dislikes him.  we cooked too little rice so some were left.  "food is often left when it is too much, not too little". too little rice will definitely get completed. "if you cook too much, there is none left.". dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble. dishwasher frees us from washing dishes by hands. dishwashers are a modern convenience.  dishwashers are an appliance used for cleaning.  the ground was covered by wind after the storm. the wind is made up of air and can cover nothing. after a storm ground is covered with dust.  wind storms are in the air above the ground so the ground cannot be covered by wind but only by the items the wind carries and drops on the ground.  all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating. some materials can not be placed in the microwave oven for heating. not all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating. tableware should not be put into the microwave.  cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late. staying up late will make people feel more tired. staying up late will not help a tired person.  you wouldn't want to stay up late when you are very tired.  apple is unhealthy for our life. apple has a lot of nutrition. fruits contain many vitamins.  apples are nutritious.  everyone likes pork. people having special religion could not eat pork. not everyone likes pork.  "i don't like pork, it's against my religion to consume any pig based products.". people should drink some water before sports. doing sports will decrease the partition of water in our body. one drinks some water after sports.  drinking water before sports can cause trouble in performance.  we should take a private car to decrease pollution. public transportation will release less harmful gas than private cars. private cars cause pollution.  using private cars will create more pollution.  "my son got a high grade, so he studied really hard". studying hard is the reason for getting a high score but not the result. if a person gets a high grade he/she studies as usual.  "one does not study because one gets a high grade, but studies hard so one can obtain a high grade.". you should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming. "winter is so cold, so people should wear more clothes". when winter is coming it getter colder so one needs to wear more clothing.  you shouldn't wear fewer clothes when winter is coming because the weather is getting colder so you will be cold.  people could survive without food. food is essential for our living. people cannot survive without food or drinks due to the body's nutritional needs.  you need to eat in order to live.  people should drink paint every day. paint is poisonous for our human. paint is toxic.  paint is not a drink so one should not drink paint at all.  please touch the fire. fire is too hot and will hurt our body. fire will burn skin.  you should not touch the fire because it will hurt you.  i wear shoes on my face. shoes are for our feet but not face. shoes are not for your face.  shoes belong on the feet.  tigers only eat meat. tigers are carnivores. tigers are plant eating animal. tigers eat meat only. it is a sensical statement.  i love the glacier in taiwan. taiwan doesn't have a glacier. glaciers only occur in very cold climates.  taiwan does not have any glaciers.  i will go to south africa to see pandas. pandas' habitations are mainly in china. there are no pandas in south africa.  there are no pandas in south africa.  china is one of the smallest countries in the world. china has the largest population in the world. china covers the largest area in asia and is not one of the smallest countries in the world.  china is much bigger than other countries in the world.  people can see everything clearly at night. "at night, it is too dark for our human to see everything clearly". people can see very little at night due to the structure of our eyes.  most people see clearer in the light.  people can ride a bike on the sea. people can not stand on the surface of the water. bikes will sink in water.  "the surface of the sea is not solid, so a bicycle would not stay on the surface for riding.". blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world. blackboard is not singers. blackboard is not a singer.  "blackboards are tools, not people.". you should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine. wearing sunglasses could protect your eyes from the sunlight. sunglasses are designed to be worn in the sun.  under the and while outdoors is when one should wear sunglasses.  you should wear a bikini in the cinema. bikini is not suitable for the cinema. "cinema is a busy public place ,it will look very awkard to wear bikni.". a bikini is inappropriate for the cinema.  people will sleep in the morning. people need to have rest at night to prepare for the next day's work. people begin their days in the morning and sleep when it's dark.  people go to seep at night and wake in the morning. i will take the subway to japan from china tomorrow. there is no subway from china to japan. there is no subway connecting japan and china. the subway does not run from japan to china.  yesterday i ate thirty times. people usually eat three or four times a day. people do not eat 30 times per day. thirty times is an excessive number of times to eat.  i use my mobile phone to play league of legends. league of legends is a video game running on the computer. league of legends can not be played on mobile phones.  league of legends is not typically played on a mobile device.  i can use my bike to watch video. you can not use your bike to watch video. a bike is a form of transportation.  bikes do not produce video.  i wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong. wear a hat protects you from being hurt by the strong sunlight. "one wears a coat not because of sunlight being strong, but because it is cool(er) and the warmth of the coat is needed when outdoors.". "wearing a coat in sunlight makes one swear a lot, so nobody wears it.". hotpot ate me today. "people eat food, but not food eats people". food can't eat anything.  hotpot is just a chinese cooking method not any living creature that will eat humans.  you can learn chinese from english people. english people will teach you english but not chinese. "the best way to learn chinese is from chinese people, or immersion.". the native language of english people is not chinese.  my pet goes to its office to work every day. pets do not need to work in the office. pets do not have responsibilities.  pets don't have offices to work. my bag buys mother for me. "only person can buy bags, but bags can not buy a person". "bags are incapable of purchasing things, and people cannot be purchased anyway.". bag is a non-living thing. my dog likes driving car. "dogs can not driving, but the human can". only humans can drive cars.  people drive cars and dogs ride in the cars with people but dogs cannot drive cars.  my parents buy a son for me as a gift. you can not buy a person as a gift. a person cannot be purchased as a gift.  children are not presents.  the sharks live on the land. sharks are aquatic animals but not land animals. "sharks are an ocean animal that live in water and, because land is dirt etc and not water, sharks are unable to exist on land.". sharks do not live on land.  giraffes eat leaves from sea. leaves are on the trees but not sea. there are no leaves in the sea.  leaves grow on trees and not in sea. both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas. "monkey eats bananas, but tigers are carnivorous animals". tigers don't typically eat bananas.  "tigers do not eat bananas, the would rather eat a monkey.". i clean my feet before eating. people use their hands not feet to eat. you don't eat with your feet so its pointless cleaning them before eating.  cleaning feet has nothing to do with eating preparation.  hongkong is not a part of china. hongkong belongs to china after british finish its govern in hongkong. hong kong is an administrative region of china.  hong kong used to be a british colony.  i can fly in the sky. humans can swim in the water but can not fly in the sky. humans can't fly. humans can't fly.  the wood sank to the bottom. "the wood is lighter than the water, so it would float on it". wood float in water.  wood is lighter than water. there is a lot of sugar in the sea. "seawater contains a lot of salt, but does not contain sugar". sea is comprised of saltwater so it has a lot of salt not sugar.  the sea is full of salt.  the seawater is not drinkable. "human could only drink fresh water, and the seawater is not drinkable". seawater is drinkable only when desalienated (salt is removed).  seawater can be filtered and drunk. the summer comes before the spring. "the order of the seasons is spring, summer, autumn, and winter". the spring comes before the summer. summer follows spring.  people should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing. the driver should drive slowly to give way to to the passengers on zebra crossing. driving fast would increase the chances that a zebra  would  get hit.  a zebra crossing should be driven by slowly. i finished high school and went to primary school. the requirement for entering a high school is to finish primary school. schooling progresses in a certain order and primary school comes before high school.  high school comes after primary school.  "i am going to be late, so i walk slower". people usually walk faster when they are in a hurry. "if you are late, you should move faster.". walking slower will not help avoiding being late.  "his friend laughs at his haircut, so he is happy". no one will feel happy when being laughed by others. being laughed at is not an enjoyable experience.  people don't tend to feel happy if their friend is laughing at a haircut they have just gotten.  "she is mean to me, so i like her". people who are mean to others won't be liked. the fact of someone being mean to you is not a common characteristic when liking someone. meanness usually elicits unpleasant feelings in the recipient.  "she got a high score, so she is popular". getting a high score does not mean that will be popular. high scores are not linked to popularity.  high scores do not equate popularity.  "she is thin, so she wants to lose weight". "thin people do not need to lose weight, but the heavy people need". thin people typically don't want to lose weight.  she is thin and does not want to lose weight. "i like singing, so i go to the cinema". "people should keep silent in the cinema, so they can not sing". singing takes place in a church or chorus and viewing movies takes place in a cinema so one would not generally go to a cinema to sing as it would disrupt other viewers.  you can't sing in the cinema. "i like swimming, so i went to the zoo yesterday". zoo is not the place for swimming. the zoo is a place where you can see animals.  there are no pools at the zoo.  "she keeps a good figure, so she runs every day". running is the reason for keeping a good figure but not result. daily exercise makes you body fit and helps in maintaning your figure.  running allows for one to keep a good figure. not the other way around.  "i dreamed of plenty of coins, and woke up with a pocket full of coins". what you dream of can not become the reality. dreaming of something does not make it happen.  "if you dream of something, it doesn't automatically come true.". "the sunlight is so strong, so i open the curtain". opening the curtain will only let more sunlight in. the curtain would block the sunlight.  opening the curtains would allow more sunlight in.  "i can not see the book clearly because of darkness, so i turn off the lamp". turning off the lamp will only make it harder to see the book. the lamp provides light to see things.  lamps create light for better vision. nuclear weapons are usually used in the war. nuclear weapons are too distractive and only used twice in human history. nuclear weapons have rarely been used in war.  nuclear weapons are used only on cases of emergency.  we can use wood and water to produce fire. "fire can not survive in the water, so we can not use water to produce fire". water extinguishes fire.  water always extinguish the fire.  "there is no wind today, so it is a good day to fly a kite". "a kite can not fly without wind, so we can fly a kite only on windy days". kites need wind to fly.  a kite cannot fly when there is no wind.  "i am so thirsty, so i eat some meat". eating some meat will make you more thirsty. meat will not quench your thirst.  it is necessary to drink a beverage to quench one's thirst.  i like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema. "in the cinema, people should keep quiet and should not sing". you must be quiet in a movie theater. it is important to be quiet in the cinema.  i bring my house to school. a house is settled and can not be moved. houses are not portable.  house is non movable asset.  i ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday. two thousand bowls of rice are too much for people to eat in one day. you can't physically eat 2000 bowls of rice.  it's not possible to eat 2000 bowls of rice in a single day.  people should drink oil every day. "oil is not drinkable for human, but water is". oil is unhealthy to drink.  "oil is used for cooking, not drinking.". we should look at the phone while crossing the street. "when crossing the street, we should concentrate on the road but not our phones". looking at a phone won't allow us to see dangers.  you should not look at your phone while crossing the street because you might get hurt if you don't look at your surroundings.  "he puts too much salt when cooking, so the dish is sweet". the salt is salty but not sweet. salt is not sweet.  salt does not leave sweet food. he often plays football on the basketball court. people usually play football on the football field and basketball on the basketball court. football must be played on a football field.  it is impossible to play football on a basketball court.  she used the pad to wipe her face after washing. the pad is used for sucking blood but not wiping face. you can use pads to wash your face.  a pad is not used to wipe the face. he squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush. facewash is used for cleaning face but not teeth. facewash isn't used to clean your teeth.  facewash is not for cleaning your teeth. he sleeps on the towel. towel is too small for people to sleep on it. people sleep on beds and towels are used for drying the body so he would not sleep on a towel but in a bed.  towels are not used for sleeping. she uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face. dishwashers liquid is harmful to human's skin. dishwasher liquid is not good for your face.  the face is not dishes. coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar. adding vinegar into the coffee can not lead it to be less bitter. vinegar will make coffee more bitter and acidic.  taste of vinegar is sour. eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold. "hot pot is very hot, so it can make people feel warm". eating hot items in winter makes us warm.  "eating hot pot would make you feel hot, not cold.". people must eat cakes on their birthday. eating cake on birthdays is not necessary. there is no law requiring people to eat cake on their birthday.  birthday cakes are not required.  "he can not stand spicy food, so he eats all the chilies in the dish". "chilies tastes spicy, so if you can not stand spicy food, you should avoid eating them". chillies are spicy and cannot be eaten.  "chilies are spicy, so if he doesn't like spicy food, he shouldn't eat chilies.". we hold the olympics every year. olympic games is a sporting event held every four years. the olympics take place every four years.  the olympics are held every four years.  "if you want to learn the news, you must read the news in the newspaper". "there many other ways to learn the news, such as the internet". newspapers are not the only place to learn the news.  modern news sources mean you don't have to read newspapers.  he eats his chips with toothpaste. toothpaste is not a sauce for people to eat chips. toothpaste should not be eaten.  toothpaste is not a food. he buys some fresh seafood in mcdonald's. mcdonald's does not sell fresh seafood. mcdonald's sells fish fillets sandwiches not fresh seafood so he cannot buy fresh seafood from there.  mcdonald's does not offer fresh seafood.  "the table is so clean, so he wipes it". people do not need to wipe a clean table. a clean table doesn't need wiping.  a clean table does not need to be wiped.  i never sleep in my life. people need to recover energy through sleeping. humans die if we don't sleep. sleep is needed to live.  my parents cook some trashes for me. "people do not eat trashes, for it is dirty and unhealthy". parents do not cook trash. people do not cook or eat trash.  "the music is so loud, so i turn up the volume". turning up the volume only makes the music louder. volume is turned up when music is not audible. "if the music is loud, you should turn the volume down.". i can buy everything in euro in the us. euro is the currency in europe but not in the us. i can buy everything in usd in the us.  "the us uses dollars, not euros, to pay for things.". i like to add some face washer in my noodle. "face washer is not food for people, but soil sauce is". face wash would make the noodles taste soapy and therefore yucky.  a face washer is not a eatable thing.  i play video games on youtube. youtube is a website where people watch videos but not play games. you're only able to watch videos on youtube.  "there is no way to play video games on youtube, you can only watch videos on the platform". apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world. apple sells electronic products but not food. apple does not make food.  apple doesn't sell food but cell phones. cloud is floating in the water. clouds are formed by moisture in the air. clouds do not float in water.  cloud floats in the sky.  there are some plants on the mars. "mars is too hot for plants to live in, but the earth is suitable for plants". mars currently does not support life.  nothing grows on mars.  "i am really full now, so i want to eat more food". eating more food when you are full will make you uncomfortable. "people want to eat food when they are hungry, not full.". "when you are full, you should stop eating.". i like to swim in the boiling water. "boiling water is too hot for people to swim in, but cool water is suitable". swimming in boiling water will kill you.  swimming in boiling water will kill you.  he shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away. one hundred miles are far beyond the range of the gun. a person cannot shoot at an enemy from a one hundres mile distant as one cannot see the enemy from that distance.  there is no gun which has range of one hundred miles.  "i am so hungry, so i read some books". reading books is not the result of feeling hungry. reading books does not help someone's hunger.  reading does not satiate hunger. the moon appears in afternoon. moon can be seen clearly at night. the sun appears in the afternoon.  the moon appears during the night. all the american people will celebrate the spring festival. the spring festival is a traditional holiday in china. the spring festival isn't a holiday in america.  the spring festival is a chinese festivle. i see some stones flying in the sky. "stones are stable objects on the ground, but birds are in the sky". stones don't have wings.  stones do not fly.  my mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old. three years old is too young for a girl to born a baby. you can't get pregnant when you're 3 years old. 3 years old is too young to give birth.  i can touch the cloud. "cloud is on the sky, but people live on the earth". clouds are located high in the atmosphere and are too high for touching so one cannot touch the cloud.  clouds are too far away to touch.  she takes the subway to mars every day. there is no subway from the earth to the mars. there is no subway line to mars.  there are only subways on earth.  "my phone is broken, so i buy a new bike". buying a new bike can not solve the problem that your phone is broken. "if your phone is broken, it makes more sense to buy a new phone than a new bike.". calling not possible in a bike. he puts on his clothes before showering. people should get rid of their clothes before showering. "wearing clothes in the shower makes it very hard to get clean, and gets your clothes wet.". you do not shower with clothes on.  he uses range hood to dry his hair. range hood is used to absorb lampblack. a range hood is to remove the smoke from a stovetop.  range hoods are used to vent cooking gasses.  he wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight. face cream makes no sense of protecting skins from sunlight. face cream by itself does not protect skin from sunlight.  "when face cream is wiped away, the face cannot be protected from sunlight.". he makes coffee in the bread machine. the bread machine is used to make bread but not coffee. you cannot make coffee in a bread machine.  "bread machine are used to make bread ,coffee can be made in the coffe machine only.". he took out a tub of ice cream from the oven. "ice cream should be stored in a cool place like a fridge, not in the oven". ice is stored in the freezer.  "ice cream is cold, the oven is warm". he took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer. people usually at first wash the clothes and then dry them. the clothes were already washed before they were removed from the dryer.  you put clothes in the washer first and then in the dryer.  my girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old. two years old is too young for a girl to marry a boy. one cannot marry at the age of 2 years old.  marriage isn't legal at 2 years old.  "i am so poor, so i can buy a big house easily". big houses usually are too expensive for the poor. you need money to purchase a house.  "poor people cannot buy anything easily, let alone a big house.". my little sister took care of me when i was born. i was born earlier than my little sister. my little sister cannot be born before me.  a person younger than someone can not be born before the older.  i gave birth to my mother. mothers give birth to their child. mother born before child. this is an inverse birth order and biologically impossible.  my father praised me for indulging in games. parents will not be happy to see their children addicted to games. my father thinks good grades are more important than playing games.  one does not indulge in a game.  "i got a bad grade, so i am so happy". "when getting a bad grade, people will be sad but not happy". bad grades can get you in trouble. bad grades are a form of punishment for unpreparedness.  i will be younger in ten years. people get older as time goes by. "as time progresses, one will become older.". you only get older as time passes. he washed his face with sulfuric acid. sulfuric acid is corrosive. sulphuric acid damages the face.  sulfuric acid kills. he took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others. listening to music without headphones will disturb others. there is no way that he would be disturbing others if he is wearing headphones.  "ear phones prevent loud noises from being played, and are therefore the least disturbing.". he was ashamed of having won the scholarship. winning the scholarship means the recognition of your achievements. winning a scholarship is a positive thing.  when a person win things they usually feel positive. he made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk. students will feel nervous when their mistakes are found by teachers. "people who make mistakes feel guilty and embarrassed, not proud.". being proud is not a feeling you get when you make a mistake. the air in the room is bad so i close the window for ventilation. closing the window will make the arid worse in the room. "to encoruage ventilation, a window should be opened, not closed.". "closing the window would keep the room in the air bad, if you open it there might be better air circulation.". "the more you eat, the more hungry you are". eating food makes people feel full but not hungry. it defies logic; hunger decreases with eating.  eating reduces hungry. he was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building. people can not jump off the tall building safely. no one can take a life threatning decision even in hurry.  jumping off the building will hurt him.  the rabbit climbed up the tree. the rabbit lives on the land and can not climb the tree. rabbits can't climb trees. rabbits do not climb trees. the fish can live without air. the fish absorb the air in the water to maintain lives. "fish need air to live, so they can't live without it.". "fish need oxygen in their water to live, so need air in their environment.". "although he is eight years old, he drives a lot". the law forbids children from driving. eight year olds are not allowed to drive.  8 year olds cannot drive. "i want to eat sushi, so i go to an italian restaurant". sushi is japanese food but not italian food. sushi is no an italian food so it is not served in italian restaurants.  "at an italian restaurant you typically will not find sushi, instead you will find italian food.". the homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant. fire hydrant is too small for human to sleep on. it is likely impossible to sleep on a vertical surface.  fire hydrants are pointy and thus you cannot sleep on them.  the poor sleep in their villas. poor people can not afford villas. poor people can't afford villas.  only rich people have villas. "he was going to run, so he put on his leather shoes". "leather shoes are not suitable for doing exercise, but running shoes are suitable". leather shoes are for dress and athletic shoes are for running so it would most likely not be possible to run in leather shoes.  "people run in tennis shoes, not leather shoes.". i didn't water the flower for a month so it flourished. flowers need water to maintain their lives. flowers need water to live.  flowers die without water.  she ate too many peppers and got cavities. "peppers will not make people get cavities, but candies will". sugar causes cavities.  peppers are not sugar-filled and do not cause cavities.  the couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company. insurance company does not provide decoration service. the insurance company doesn't provide a renovation service. insurance companies do not perform renovations.  "the room is so hot, so he opens the heater". opening the heater will make the room even hotter. heaters make rooms even hotter.  "if the room is hot, opening the heater would only make it warmer.". all the restaurants offer a tv for customers to watch. offering a tv is not the obligation for a restaurant. not every restaurant offers tvs. "tvs are for entertainment, but not needed for eating.". only south koreans like kimchi. there are some people from other countries liking kimchi. people of many nationalities like kimchi.  kimchi is a korean food that is now enjoyed in many parts of the world.  chinese eat dumplings only during the spring festival. people can eat dumplings every time they want. dumplings can be eaten any time. dumplings are eaten year-round by the chinese.  you can only use chopsticks to eat noodles. you can also use forks to eat noodles. you can use multiple utensils to eat noodles.  "chopsticks can be used to eat a variety of food, and the asian people use them as their only utensils.". "his lens cover is broken, so he can not use it to take a photo". "lens cover only protects the lens, but will not affect taking photos". you don't need a lens cover to take a photo. lens  cover is removed while taking a photo. my grandfather read the words with a microscope. "microscope is usually used in the labs to observe tiny cells, and the magnifying glass is used to read". people don't use microscopes to read things.  my grandfather read the words with his reading glasses.  nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache. having a stomachache is the result of eating expired food but not reason. for stomachache people take medicines and light food. eating expired food is not good for one's stomach.  she wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean. people will wear an apron but not an armor in their daily lives. "armor is used to protect oneself in battle, not cooking.". "no one wears an armor to cook,". "her father is a cleaner, so he needs to travel abroad a lot". "the cleaner is not an occupation needs to travel abroad a lot, but the diplomat is". not all cleaners need to travel abroad.  cleaners do not typically travel overseas.  their family is very rich so they take low-income insurance. the government does not provide low-income insurance to the rich. "if someone is very rich, he must take a high-income insurance.". rich families would be ineligible for low-income insurance.  "he has a stomachache, so he drinks iced water". iced water would a stomachache worse. cold water would probably not help stomach aches.  drinking iced water does not help stomachaches. the soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country. a soldier should be loyalty to his country because it is his duty. people are not praised for disloyalty; only loyalty.  praise is given for good deeds.  i looked at the menu after i ordered. people at first look at the menu to decide what to order. you choose what you want to eat off of a menu before you order.  "menus are looked at before ordering, so you know what to order.". all the restaurants have daily specials. having daily specials is not the obligation for a restaurants. most restaurants have daily specials but not all restaurants do.  not all restaurants have daily specials. he hung his carpet on the wall. carpet is spread on the floor but not hung on the wall. carpet is too large to be hung on the wall. carpets are laid on the floor.  the professor is liked by his students because he is harsh. no one will like people who are harsh to others. people are not well-liked because they are harsh.  a harsh professior is hated by students.  there are many planes in the harbor. planes are located in the airport. harbors are located in oceans and seas.  planes are in the sky.  he is moving so he takes things out of the box. people put things in boxes for easy transportation while moving. generally when moving taking things out of boxes is counter-productive.  when you move you have to put things in boxes not take them out.  the harbor is in the desert. "the harbor is used to park ships, so it can not be in the desert". "deserts don't have water, and therefore have no harbors.". "deserts are typically located away from bodies of water, so they would not have a harbor.". we usually board the plane before going through the security check. the security check makes sure people will not carry dangerous goods when boarding. one goes through a security check prior to boarding a plane so one cannot enter the plane first.  "if you don't go through security check, you cannot get on a plane.". i an on the wings of the plane. "people can not sit on the wings, for it is dangerous". we would fall off the wings of the plane.  that is very unsafe and most likely deadly.  submarines are flying in the sky. submarines should move in the water but not sky. submarines can not operate outside of the water. submarines travel under water.  "my father has a bad tooth, so he goes to the vet". "the vet treat animals, but not people". the vet treats animals  not humans.  a vet does not care for human teeth.  everyone is reading in the bar. the bar are not the places for reading. bars are not a good place to read in. bar is a place where people go to socialize and have fun. the athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant. it is against the rules for athletes to use stimulant. athletes are prohibited from using stimulants. taking stimulants is usually illegal in proffessional sports.  google is a car engine. google is a website but not a car engine. google is related to internet. "google is used for search, it has nothing to do with cars.". she put lipstick on her eyebrows. lipstick is used to decorate the lips. eyebrows are not decorated with lipsticks.  "lipstick doesn't go on the eyebrows, only the lips.". she puts her contact lenses on her lips. contact lenses are used to make the eyes see more clearly. a contact lens is meant for eyes.  lipstick is put on lips and contact lenses are place on the eyeball so he would not put her contact lenses on her lips. leaves fall in autumn. leaves grow in spring and fall in autumn. leaves do not fall in spring.  leaves do fall in autumn.  the winter is the hottest season in the whole year. the average temperature in the winter is the lowest in the whole year. winter is a cold season. summer weather is hot.  my mother is younger than me. "my mother gave birth to me, so she should be born earlier than me". children cannot be older than their mothers. a mother cannot be younger than her daughter.  he plays rock-paper-scissors alone. the rock-paper-scissors is a game played by at least two people. rock-paper-scissors is a game of more than one people.  rock paper scissors requires two people.  people wear sunglasses on rainy days. "sunglasses can not keep out the sun rain, but umbrellas can". people do not wear sunglasses in the rain.  on raining days the sun is behind clouds and would not be bright and sunglasses do not keep you dry from the rain.  "he's a vegetarian, so he always eats meat". vegetarians won't eat any meat products. vegetarians don't eat meat. vegetarian's do not eat meat.  people sleep under the bed. the bed are used for people to sleep on. beds are made for sleeping on top of.  "beds are for sleeping, not floors.". he washed his hair because it was too long. washing hair can not resolve the problem that the hair is too long. washing is done to remove dirt. "washing hair makes it clean, not shorter.". people put on their raincoats before going to bed. people usually wear raincoats only when it rains. raincoats are worn outside the house.  rain coats are for wearing outside in the rain.  the media encourages people to defecate in public. defecating in public is uncivilized behavior and no one will encourage it. you should not defecate in public.  "defecating in public is illegal, so the media would not encourage people to do something illegal.". he puts on a helmet to listen to music. "the helmet can not be used to listen to music, but the headphones can". helmets do not play music.  helmets do not play music.  "he is allergic to peanuts, so he always eats peanuts". "people should not eat the food that they are allergic to, for it is dangerous". "if one is allergic to a food, they cannot eat it.". people who are allergic to peanuts cannot eat peanuts.  he folded up his shoes. "shoes are hard and can not be folded up, but shirts can". shoes are too stiff to be folded.  shoes are thick and cannot be folded.  he hired a lawyer to look after the baby. a lawyer's job is to deal with cases rather than look after children. lawyers practice law.  "a lawyer is hired for legal services and a babysitter is hired to look after a baby, so a lawyer would not  be hired to look after the baby.". she brushed her hair with a brush. a brush is used to brush clothes but not hair. a brush is used for brushing hair so she did brush her hair with brush.  only teeth is  usually brushed. "he is afraid of water, so he always dives at the seaside". people who are afraid of water will not dive in the sea. "if you are afraid of water, diving into the seaside is dangerous and risky.". "one dives into water at a pool not at the seaside; but, if one is afraid of water , one never dives.". people must peel apples when they eat them. it is not necessary to peel the apple when eating them. apple is usually eaten with peel. people peel bananas when they eat them.  my dog buy dog food for me to eat. a dog can not buy food and people do not eat dog food. "dogs don't have money to buy anything, especially not their own food to give to their owners.". dogs cannot buy things.  my cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed. the thirtieth floor is too high even for a cat to jump down. that is too far for a cat to fall without injury.  jumping from a thirtieth floor would injure cat not leave it unscathed.  she applies flour on her face every night. "flour can be used to make food but not protect the skin, and facial mask can protect the skin". flour is for food and not for faces.  flour is not meant to be applied to a face.  she makes bread with detergent. "detergent is used to wash clothes, not to make food, but the baking powder is used for food". "detergent is used for washing clothes, dishes, etc and is not an ingredient in bread which is made with flour.". detergent is not used to make bread.  he does yoga on the treadmill. "people do yoga on the yoga mat, and run on the treadmill". yoga is slowly doing excercise. treadmill is used to run.  an apple ate me. an apple can not eat people. we eat apple.  apples are food.  little tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie. "when people are scared, they will cry but not laugh". laughter is not a normal reaction to horrible movies but horrible movies may bring one to tears.  if you are scared you usually don't laugh. he was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech. forgetting words in a speech is not something the public appreciates. most people are embarrassed for forgetting things.  forgetting word in a speech is not a good thing.  he typed with piano keys. "piano keys are used to play music but not type, and the keyboard is used for typing". piano keys can't be used to type words.  piano keys cannot used to type.  he hasn't bathed in a week so he's clean. people get dirty if they don't bathe for a long time. a person who has not showered for a week can only be dirty.  "if someone does not take bath for more than a week, he is dirty.". you must peel tomatoes before eating them. it is not necessary for people to peel tomatoes before eating. tomatoes do not need to be peeled before being eaten.  skin is what is removed from a tomatoe so one skins (not peels) a tomato before eating.  people's hair turns red when they are old. "when people are old, their hair doesn't have the pigment that makes their hair red". "hair generally turns grey, not red, when one ages.". hair loses color as we age so it turns white not red.  they are so poor so they live in a five-star hotel. the poor can afford the youth hostel but not the five-star hotel. rich can only afford five star hotel. only ricch people stay in five-star hotel. he watches movies on the blackboard. "blackboards do not have screens for watching movies, but computers have". blackboards are not electronic.  people write on blackboard which does not reflect and movies vuewed on a white screen so one cannot watch movies on a blackboard.  it cheers her up that she was rejected. people will feel upset when rejected by others. rejection is not a cheerful or positive experience.  being rejected is a sad thing.  she was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine. people show the proof of their age but not their bodies when buying a wine. people are not asked to expose themselves while buying wine.  breasts are not a valid form of identification.  everything in the movie is true. "in order to achieve the artistic effect, movies will show some false things". even movies based on true events exaggerate the real events.  "movies, even documentaries, are never completely true, as the information they are based on may not be true, or the writers and directors may change facts in order to fit a particular narrative.". people never lie. no one can go through life without lying. people will lie at some point in their lives.  most people tell lies occasionally.  he went to china to see the alps. "the alps are in germany, not china". the alps are no where near china.  the alps are not located in china. he took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant. a fire hydrant is too small for people to shelter from the rain under it. a fire hydrant provides water.  fire hydrants do not provide very good shelter from the rain. people danced and sang at his mother's funeral. it is very rude to sing and dance at a funeral. people usually don't dance at someones funeral as someone who they loved is dead.  dancing and singing is done in a happy situation. sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout.  bones do not sprout.  bones do not sprout or grow like plants. bones are not plants. he saw the living dinosaur in the museum.  dinosaurs have been extinct for millions of years.  there are no living dinosaurs today. museums only have dead creatures.  an iron bar can ignite a big forest fire.  iron bars will not catch fire.  iron bars do not generate heat to cause a fire. iron bars do not start fires.  the quiet youths were ejected from the cinema.  quiet people do not affect others and there is no reason to eject them.  quiet people should not be ejected from the cinema.  cinema's administration taken out the noise making youth out from the cinema.  a cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral.  the cheeky expression at a funeral is disrespectful to the deceased.  having a cheeky expression at a funeral would usually be in bad taste.  cheeky expression is not given in a sad situation. i hear a fragrance of flowers.  the smell cannot be heard.  "it is not possible to hear fragrance, but to smell them". you can not hear scents.  water is all we need to nourish a small baby.  water does not have enough nutrition for the baby.  babies need food and warmth as well.  "if a baby drinks only water, they will not get any nutrients, which they need to survive.". i saw a snake flying past.  snakes are reptiles and cannot fly.  snakes do not fly.  "snake can only crawl , it is a invertebrate animal , it cannot fly.". the warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death.  being hot to death can not be saved by the warmth of fire.  "fire is hot, therefore it would not prevent someone from being hot to death". fire can harm someone who is too hot.  the glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight.  the size of the glasses frame is too small to keep out the sun.  frames are too thin to protect from sunlight.  glasses frames are thin and unable to block much sunlight.  cold medicine can help patients relieve pain.  cold medicine cannot stop pain.  painkillers can help to relieve pain.  we take pain killers to get relieve from pain.  they worked hard to fall themselves into poverty.  no one wants to fall into poverty and working hard cannot cause poverty.  working hard will typically make you more successful.  working hard should not lead to poverty.  i went to donate fingers yesterday.  fingers cannot be regenerated so people normally don't donate them.  people do not typically donate appendages.  fingers are permanent body parts.  i often go to the library to borrow money.  the library does not offer the service of borrowing money.  the library is not a place to borrow money. only banks lend money.  we learn to sing in pe class.  physical education mainly studies sports.  singing is not taught in pe class.  people learn physical activities in pe class. sand and water can be mixed to make noodles.  sand cannot be eaten.  sand can not be mixed with water.  sand is not edible.  we went to the mall to review our lessons.  malls are places for shopping and are not suitable for study.  the mall is not a place to review lessons.  the mall has stores at which to buy things. . he goes running in his room every day.  the room is too small for running.  a room doesn't have the space for running in.  a room is too small to go running.  i use a comb to start the car. "combs can be used to comb hair, not to start a car.". a comb is used to style hair.  combs are used for hair and not a car.  you can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days.  cloth shoes are not waterproof and easily wet.  the fabric would make your feet wet.  cloth shoes will absorb water and make your feet wet on rainy days.  police had to erect statues to keep crowds back.  statues are artworks and are not often used to keep crowds back.  statues do not keep crowds back.  statues are not designed for blocking movement but barriers are.  the mantis can catch insects by cobweb.  mantis can't weave nets.  a mantis does not make a cobweb. mantis do not build webs to hunt their prey.  the patient is feeble and is able to run around.  "it takes a lot of strength to run around, but the feeble patient is not strong enough.". feeble people cannot run. running require physically strong body. the yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden.  trash does not protect the garden.  trash smells awful and will not protect the garden.  trash doesn't offer any protection around a garden. there are fertile fields in the desert.  the desert is so hot that the soil has lost water and nutrition.  the desert is very dry.  fields are not fertile.  the static blades lift the helicopter.  "static blades cannot generate strong airflow, so they cannot lift the helicopter.". "if the blades are static, the helicopter would not fly". static  blades cannot give lifting force. a cold will definitely cause a fever.  "fever is only one of the symptoms of a cold, not necessarily every cold.". a cold doesn't always cause a fever.  cold have various symptoms and fever is considered an occasional symptom.  we must violate the statute of this country.  violation of the statute will be punished.  "if you violate the law, you will be punished.". statute are rules we must follow.  walking is not allowed in public places.  walking does not affect others so it is okay in public.  walking is allowed in public places.  walking is allowed in public spaces.  he was lazy at work and got everyone's approval.  people will not approve lazy people.  if he was lazy then everyone else would have to pick up his slack.  lazy people are not liked by their coworkers.  billboards indicate where you can stop.  the billboard does not have a stop sign.  billboards advertise for certain stores.  billboards are for advertisement only. the weather forecast will influence the crops.  weather forecast has no power to cause effect on crops.  the forecast itself does not influence anything.  "crops are subject to changes in weather, not forecasts.". they are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic.  the operation of factories that uneconomic will result in losses.  uneconomic factories are inefficient so generally operating them is a bad thing.  factories operate to make money.  the official was accused of integrity.  integrity is a good quality and will not be accused.  integrity is neither illegal or wrong.  integrity is a high human trait so one would be praised for it not accused of it.  you need staples when you post a letter.  staple is not necessary for posting a letter.  staples are not accepted to pay for postage.  stapling a letter before posting might have the post office return it.  the blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful.  violets don't usually grow in factories.  factory has only macinaries. violets grow in the garden and not in the factory.  you can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy.  facial cleansers are generally sold in shopping malls.  "facial cleanser can be bought in many stores, but not from behind a pharmacy counter.". facial cleanser is not medicine. this car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds.  "if the speed is slow, the car will take longer time to vanish from sight.". slow cars typically stay within your sight for an agonizingly long time.  if the car was slow it would stay in your sight for a while. my muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday.  rest can relax muscles without causing soreness.  rest helps muscles relax.  resting would not make muscles sore. exercise would though.  stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs.  stone has no allure for pet dogs.  dogs enjoy bones.  dogd do not like stones.  the attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters.  the height of the mountain is not measured by attitude.  an attitude is a mood.  mountains are not animate beings and do not possess attitudes.  glasses frame can correct myopia.  glasses frames have no effect on myopia.  the frame of glasses doesn't help you see.  the glass frame has no corrective lens.  "when you close your mouth, you can't see anything.". closing mouth has no effect on what you see.  "people see with their eyes, not their mouth.". eyes produce sight.  you should play games when the final exam is coming soon.  playing games does not help you review the knowledge needed for the final exam.  playing games and not studying could make you fail a final exam.  it is important to study for a final exam.  you need to peel bananas after eating them.  there is no need for peeling since the bananas have been eaten.  we cannot eat banana without peeling it.  first you have to peel the banana so you can eat it.  this book tastes very delicate.  books can't be eaten.  "books are read, not tasted, so it makes no sense to talk about the taste of a book.". eating a book wouldn't taste very nice. people eat through their eyes.  "eyes can only see things, not eat things.". people eat through their mouths. food cannot go into the eyes.  linen can be used to make rings.  rings are made of metal.  linen is not used to make rings.  linen is a type of cloth.  i sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean.  sweat does not make the body clean.  sweat makes a body feel sticky and clammy so the body is not fresh and clean after sweating.  "when a body sweats it becomes dirty, not clean.". we closed the window to ventilate.  the wind cannot pass through the closed window.  "in order to ventilate, the air needs to escape from somewhere.". only opening the window would allow for venilation.  i drive on the sidewalk.  driving on the sidewalk violates traffic regulations.  sidewalks are too small to drive on and have obstacles on them.  you should not drive on the sidewalk.  i often draw with chopsticks.  "chopsticks is a tool for eating, not drawing.". chopsticks are not used for drawing as they're made of plain wood.  with the help of chopsticks we eat food not draw the things. the movie is very boring so i like it very much.  no one will like boring movies.  the movie was boring so i checked my email and caught up with old friends.  no one enjoys boring movies.  he is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him.  being loved by others is not pitiful.  "if a man has a woman who loves him, he is happy.". he is a happy man because he has a wife who loves him. i brew sand with milk to eat.  sand isn't a food.  sand cannot be eat with milk.  sand isn't edible.  the operation of the computer needs water.  water will short circuit the computer.  computers should not be exposed to water.  water is not necessary to run a computer.  he surfs the desert.  there is no water in the desert to surf.  there is no water in the desert to surf.  surfing is done on water and a desert is dry and arid and sand so one could not surf in the desert.  "when we are full, we will continue to eat.". continuing to eat when you are full will make your stomach fuller and uncomfortable.  "when we are full, we no longer want to eat.". "if you are full, stop eating.". people can pick strawberries off from trees.  strawberries don't grow on trees.  strawberries grow from strawberry plants and do not grow from trees.  strawberries grow on low-lying plants.  this table tastes good.  the table is inedible.  a table is not an edible thing to have taste. tables area made of wood/metal and are not eatible but the food placed on the table is so the table cannot taste good.  i am so hungry now so i need to take a shower.  taking a shower can't make you full.  "if you are hungry, you would eat, not go take a shower.". "a shower simply cleans someone, but does not help with hunger.". jack caught a whale in the forest.  "whale lives in the sea, not on the land.". "whales don't live in the forest, they live in the ocean.". whale lives in water. basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market.  fresh vegetables are usually sold in the farmer's market or supermarket.  vegetables are not furniture.  vegetables are not furniture.  shanghai is the humidity of a city.  humidity is a rainfall indicator.  shanghai is the name of a city.  humidity is the amount of water in the atmosphere.  i put my shoes in a make-up box.  the make-up box is used to put the cosmetics.  shoes are too big to fit into a make-up box.  shoes don't fit in a makeup box. "if you want to buy clothes, you must choose to use amazon.". shopping on amazon is not the only way to buy clothes.  there are websites other than amazon where you can find nice clothes.  there are nearly an infinite number of shops from which to purchase clothes.  most people use eyes to listen.  eyes do not have the function of listening.  eyes are used to see. eyes doesn't have eardrum. amy often watches music opera in the gym.  the gym is a place to do exercise.  music operas are not held in gyms.  most people watch musical opera at the theater. the dress is so ugly that i like it very much.  no one will like a dress looking ugly.  people like pretty clothes.  if a dress is ugly it is not liked by a person.  ktv is a good place to play basketball.  the ktv is for singing and not a suitable place to play basketball.  a ktv doesn't have space or gear to play basketball in. ktv is a good place to have fun.  she is a lucky girl because she has a broken family.  a broken family is bad for children to grow up.  "a broken family is a negative thing to have, nobody is lucky for that". in a broken family life is miserable. honey comes from cows.  "cows can only produce milk, but not honey.". "honey does not come from cows, but is produced by honeybees.". is there a new breed of cows which give honey. the elder brother is the father's daughter. "my brother is a boy, not a girl". a daughter is female.  brother is a male sibling and daughter is a female sibling.  mother was waiting for me on the sun. people can not live on the sun. the sun is too hot to stand on.  nobody could survive even a moment on the surface of the sun; it's far too hot.  grandma is 200 years old this year. it is impossible for people to live to 200 years old. the average human lifespan is 78-80 years old.  people do not live to be 200 years old.  she wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck. "earrings are worn in the earlobe, not around the neck". earrings are too small to be worn around the neck. earrings go in the ear not around the neck.  "she helped mike, so mike annoyed her". people should be grateful for the help from others. no one gets angry for helping them. "when people help you, you are grateful.". there are thousands of students in the classroom. the classroom cannot hold thousands of people. thousands of students could not fit in a classroom. "no classroom could hold thousands of students, and no teacher could teach that many.". he broke a long iron bar with his bare hands. an iron bar is so hard that one cannot break it with bare hands. iron is too hard for a person to break.  an ordinary person cannot break an iron bar.  the temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree. the human body can't stand the high temperature of 57 degrees. a person with a temperature of 57 degress has a high temperature indicating illness.  57 degrees is fatal for a human.  he dug a hole in the ground with a straw. the straw was too soft to dig in the ground. digging a hole in the ground with a straw is inefficient and bad.  straws are for drinking.  "the actress acted badly, so he liked to watch her films". people don't like movies with bad actors. it is not enjoyable to seek out bad acting in films.  "if someone acts badly, one hates it.". "he suffers from depression, so he is happy". people with depression are usually unhappy with anything. one is not happy if they are depressed.  depressed people are not usually happy.  he went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars. the fruit store sells fruit and cannot withdraw money. fruit shops are unlikely to have a thousand dollars petty cash for withdrawal. you can't withdraw money from fruit shops.  he saw a huge unicorn in the zoo. "unicorns are not real, so there are no unicorns in zoos". unicorns don't exist. unicorns do not exist and would not be seen at a zoo.  he saw a turtle crawling quickly past him. the tortoise usually crawl very slowly. turltles crawl very slowly. turtles are slow. she wants to apply for a princess position. "only royalty can be princesses, but everyone can be a teacher". being a princess is not a job.  the position of princess in not to be applied for.  there are flowers all over the park in winter. flowers don't usually bloom in winter. flowers do not grow in winter.  flowers do not bloom or maintain in winter.  a plane landed over his head. a plane cannot stand on the top of a man's head. a plane must land on a runway.  head is too small for a plane to land. he bought a tank yesterday. tanks can only be used by armies. tanks are military vehicles and not for the general public to buy.  militaries own tanks.  he rode turtles on the prairie. people can not ride on turtles. "turtles are too small and slow to be good for riding, and they live near rivers or bodies of water.". turtles live near water and the prairy is a large grass field area so one would ride turtles near the water or in a zoo.  "he has a busy job, so he has a lot of time to spend with his son". heavy work will take up much of people's time with his family. having a busy job means he would likely have very little time to spend with his son.  "having a busy job takes a lot of time, leaving little for family.". "he found a satisfactory job, so he was very sad". "a satisfying job makes people happy, not sad". satisfactory jobs bring contentment not sadness.  "if it was a satisfactory job, he would be happy.". he was tripped over an ant. ants are too small to trip a man up. ants are too small to trip over.  ants are not large enough to trip over.  drivers can drive after drinking. it's against traffic rules to drive after drinking. you should not drive after drinking.  driving after drinking is irresponsible and illegal.  "he didn't get his driver's license, so he could drive". you can only drive if you have a driver's license. "he got his driver's license, so he could drive". you are not allowed to drive without a driver's license.  he didn't have dinner so that he burped. you don't burp when you are not full. no one can be burped by not having dinner.  burping typically occurs when one has eaten a full meal.  he drank a cup of bee. bees are animals and cannot be drunk. a bee is an insect.  bee's are not a consumable beverage. "it suddenly warmed up, so he caught a cold". rising temperatures do not cause colds. a cold comes from low temperatures. colds are caught in cold weather. he went to college at the age of two. you can't go to college at the age of two. college admits only after higher secondary. one can not go to college until after high school.  he didn't eat for a month. people who don't eat for a month will die. one cannot survive wothout eating for a month. "one may be able to go for a short time without eating, cannot go for a month with no food.". he added a little sand to the noodles. the sand is inedible and can hurt your teeth. you can't eat sand. people do not eat sand with food.  he baked a pizza in the fridge. the fridge is too cold to bake pizza. "the fridge is cold and is not used to bake items, you would need an oven.". fridge's are not used for baking.  he lay in a dark room in the sun. there was no sunlight in the darkroom. the sun illuminates dark rooms.  if a room is dark then there is no sun in it.  he filled his clothes with water. clothes will leak water down. clothes can not hold water.  clothes are usually worn on body. he charged his mobile phone with potatoes. potatoes are not rechargeable devices. potatoes are not an energy conductor.  potatoes do not provide electricity.  the ice cream melted in the refrigerator. it's so cold in the fridge that the ice cream won't melt. an ice cream does not melt in cold temperature.  ice cream typically does not melt in cold environments.  "there was a traffic jam, so she got home soon". "traffic jams can seriously affect the driving time, so people will get home late". traffic jams delay going home. "a traffic jam causes one to be late due to the sitting in traffic, so she could not get home soon but late.". the air quality in the city is better than in the forest. there's a lot of car exhaust in the city. there is more pollution in the city.  the city is full of cars polluting the air. the cotton on the ground punctured the tire. cotton is too soft to puncture a tire. cotton is a soft substance and could not puncture a tire.  "tyres are made up of rubber to, so to make it puncture you need some sharp object and cotton is obviously not sharp". he doused the flowers with petrol every day. gasoline cannot be used to water flowers. flowers wither when petrol is poured over it.  dousing the flowers with petrol will damage them and not help them grow.  he went to the supermarket to pray. supermarkets are not places to pray. supermarkets are a place for shopping. supermarket does not have god's statue to pray in front of.  he carved a bird out of soy sauce. soy sauce is liquid and cannot be carved. you can't carve things on liquid. soy sauce is a liquid material.  she smeared flour on her face. flour is not cosmetic and cannot be used on the face. flour is not something that goes on the body.  "flour does not belong on the face, it belongs in baking.". she put on makeup in front of the wall. the walls can't illuminate people's appearance. it is difficult to apply makeup without watching one's reflection.  "a person would put makeup on where they could see themselves, thus, not in front of a wall.". he put his hat on his feet. a hat is worn on the head. to put hat it requires necessary surface. we pu shoes on feet not hat.  "sister likes sweet food, so she likes lemon". lemons are very sour and not sweet at all. lemon is sour. lemon is sour and not sweet.  a loofah grows on the pumpkin vine. loofah can only grow on the vine. loofahs are not living organisms.  a loofah can only grow on a loofah vine.  he planted corn in water. corn doesn't grow in water. corn needs firm soil to grow.  corn is planted in soil.  he took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning. the repair shop can't dry clean clothes. clothes need to go to a dry cleaner's to get dry cleaned.  for dry cleaning one goes to a dry cleaner shop.  he saw coins floating out the window. coins are metal and do not float. coins do not float.  coins do not float. "he missed the basketball, so he scored a point". you can only score if you put the basketball in the basket. you do not score points by missing.  in basketball points are scored by putting the ball inside the basket.  "he stepped into a puddle by accident, so his shoes were not dirty". the muddy water in the puddle will dirty your shoes. stepping into a puddle makes your shoes dirty. stepping into a puddle will get your shoes wet and muddy.  "he is nearsighted, so he can see clearly without glasses". "when you are nearsighted, you would see things very blurry without glasses". if you are nearsighted you should wear glasses.  all visions not possible for nearsighted. "he poured a bottle of ink into the water, which was still transparent". the ink is black and can easily dye the water black. the water could not remain transparent.  ink is not clear. he sleeps with a big tree in his arms. big trees can't be put into bedrooms. big trees do not fit in people's arms.  arms are not strong to hold a big tree. there was a shot floating on the water. the shot is heavy and will sink to the bottom. liquids sink in water.  only buoyant items can float on water.  you must wash your hair before you wash your body. it is okay to first wash your body before washing your hair. there is no rule of order in washing body parts. washing hair is a choice and not a must or a strict rule to follow. he put the trash can in the garbage bag. "garbage bags are usually placed in trash cans, not the other way round". garbage bags go in the trash can. the trash can is bigger than garbage bag which is in possible to filled by garbage bag.  "she thinks the milk is too iced, so she puts ice in it.". putting ice into the milk will only make it more iced.  putting more ice in it will make it even colder. there is no sense of putting ice to milk that is too iced.  "cherry prices skyrocketed, so he bought a lot". buying a lot cherries when the price is high is not economic. when prices are high people will buy less. he'd be spending more money instead of saving money if he bought a lot of cherries when the price skyrocketed.  all the americans don't like to eat tofu. there must be some americans who love tofu. many americans like tofu. not all americans eat tofu. "the lights in the living room are broken, so they are sitting in the light". there cannot be light when the lights are broken. broken lights would lead to darkness.  "if the lights are broken, it's dark outside.". the ceiling is too high so he hit his head. people usually won't hit their heads when the ceiling is high. "if the ceiling was high, you wouldnt hit your head, you would walk right through". the ceiling being too high would make it impossible to hit his head.  "the stool is too high, so he can't reach the table". "if the stool is high enough, anyone should be able to reach the table". the stool doesn't have anything to do how high the table is. he can reach anything high. he is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet. "if one is tall enough, he or she should be able to reach the top of the cabinet". reaching the cabinet while being tall is what you want.  "if he were tall, height wouldn't be a problem.". "the bulb has been used for a long time, so it has become brighter". "bulbs used for a long time normally become darker, not brighter". the bulb is worn out so it becomes darker.  the bulb used for a long time will automatically brings down the brightness. "the phone is dead, so it is turned on". the phone can't turn on when it is dead because there is no power. when a phone is dead it is considered off and malfunctioning.  a dead phone cannot be turned on. she uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows. "eyelash brush is used to brush eyelashes, not to paint eyebrows". eyebrows are not painted. eyelash is for eyelashes. he put the earrings in his eyes. "earrings should be put on ears, not eyes". earring are made to go on ears.  people put earrings in their ears.  he sent his 70-year-old mother to a kindergarten. "kindergarten is for children, not the old". kindergarten is for children about 5 years old.  kindergardten is a place for children. the smoke alarm rang because there was light. "smoke alarms are sensitive to smoke, not light". the smoke alarm rang because smoke was detected. light and smoke are two different things.  she looked up and saw her feet. the foot is the lowest part of the body and you need to look down to see. "a person's feet would be what you see when you look down, not up". feet are at the bottom of the body.  we can always see stars when we look up at night. we cannot see stars if the weather is not good. the atmosphere is never consistent. stars are not seen in a cloudy sky.  she put some bees over her pancake. bee is a kind of insect and cannot be eaten. bees are not edible and should not be put on a pancake. a person would not put bees on a pancake.  he takes the school bus to the hospital every day. "school buses usually take people to the school, not the hospital". school bus takes to school. you don't take the school bus to the hospital.  he turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes. the air conditioning doesn't have the function of sucking off fumes. an air conditioner is not designed to suck off the fumes.  air conditioners don't suck fumes. coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar.  sugar doesn't have the function of relieving people's fatigue.  sugar doesn't relieve fatigue.  coffee does not contain sugar unless it is added.  coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar.  communication through the internet is not the only way for people to communicate with each other.  caffeine  present in coffee refreshes people.  sugar gives you a momentary lift of energy.  coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar.  too many candies will cause toothache.  coffee does not contain sugar. it helps people contains caffeine. eating too much makes people slim.  eating too many causes great storage of fat.  people remain slim by controlling how much they eat. eating too much food causes people to gain weight.  i took some landscape photos at home.  landscape photos cannot be taken at home because there is no landscape at home.  there is no landscape inside your home.  a home setting does not have a landscape. people should smoke more.  "smoking is bad for our health, so we should smoke fewer.". smoke more will harmful to health. smoking is bad. chinese people can travel to america by train.  there is no railway between china and america.  china is too far from america to travel by train.  trains do not travel through water.  we can laugh loudly in public places.  laughing loudly will bother other people.  laughing loudly in public places is rude. laughing loudly in public places would is distracting and disruptive for others.  we don't have to mute our mobile phones in the library.  phone rings will disturb people who are concentrating on reading.  libraries are quiet places. there is not rule about mobile phones.  eating is allowed in the subway.  the smell of food may cause discomfort to other passengers.  subways are gross and shouldn't be used to eat on.  eating in the subway would be gross. we must spit anywhere if we want.  spiting anywhere will give rise to the spreading of the bacterium.  spitting is viewed as gross.  "spitting in some places is considered rude, and may be illegal.". playing too much computer games doesn't cause damages to our eyes.  playing too much games results in eyestrain and decline of eyesight.  anything in excess is bad and could cause damages.  computer screens radiate a frequency that its hurtful for eyes and sight. reading cannot help us broaden our horizon.  reading helps to increase our knowledge and information and thus broaden our horizon.  reading enables us to broaden our horizon. reading allows people to experience many perspectives outside of their own.  old people are encouraged to play extreme sports.  extreme sports involve a high risk of heart disease which is common in old people.  old people are too fragile. extreme sports are not safe for old people.  piano is a kind of sport.  you can produce music when pressing keys on the piano so it is an instrument.  "piano is a musical instrument, it is used in songs,parties,films etc to produce different musical tones.". piano is an art form.  he smiles when he gets mad.  people smile usually when they feel happy and satisfied but not mad.  you don't smile when you get angry.  people do not smile when they get mad.  advertisement provides us with the latest news and events.  advertisement informs people about new products rather than news and events.  advertisement's contain ads for products or services.  latest news and events are opposite from advertisements.  recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits.  "recreation centers offer facilities for people to relax, but museums offer exhibits". the recreation center is for exercising.  recreation centers do not have exhibits.  it is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms.  students usually have a fixed schedule when taking courses in traditional classrooms.  we have to adhere to strict rules in traditional classrooms.  traditional classrooms are structured. textbooks are portable and eco-friendly.  "the paper pages of textbooks are made from wood, which is not eco-friendly, but the electronic book is.". text books are not eco friendly because they require a lot of paper to make them. printing and binding textbooks does not help the environment. car fumes don't create air pollution.  car fumes mainly consist of hydrocarbon which pollutes the air.  pollution is caused by fumes.  fumes from cars release toxic gases into the air. human activities do not pollute the air and water.  human creates a household and industrial waste which causes environmental problems.  humans affect their surroundings.  human waste pollutes. "nowadays, most people live shorter than they did in the past.". most people are having a better life and thus live longer.  "nowadays, medicine and health care is better than ever so people live longer.". "through research and medical advances, people are living longer than they ever have.". fast food is healthier than home-cooked food.  "fast food usually contains too much fat and sugar, which increases the risk of heart disease and blood pressure.". fast food is bad for your health. there are more nutrients in home cooked food.  working overtime is common and not that serious.  working overtime results in great pressure and serious health problems.  working overtime will burn you out.  working overtime is not that common. students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want.  it will do harm to their eyesight if they spend too much time in front of a screen.  "students should spend time studying, not on their phones.". mobile phones destroy the future of children.  this peaked cap smells cool and fashionable.  peaked cap doesn't have a particular smell.  cool and fashionable doesn't have a scent. the cap doesn't smell. take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees celsius outdoors!. an overcoat is a thick warm coat that keeps you warm in cold condition.  5 degrees celsius is really cold and you need a coat.  you'll be cold if you take off your overcoat when it's 5 degrees celsius outside. "in cold weather, humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm.". "humans do not have a habit of hibernating, but the snake has". humans never hibernate.  humans do not hibernate.  whales can live on land.  whales are sea creatures and can only live in the sea.  whales can live in water. whales cannot live on land because their bodies are only equipped to survive in water.  fish can live without water.  fish breaths through gills which cannot absorb oxygen on land.  fish are not air breathers. fish don't have lungs.  "if you played too much, you could pass the exam.". "if a student plays too much and is not hardworking, he has less chance to pass the exam.". playing is distracting from studying.  playing helps to strengthen the body. money can solve every single problem that people encounter.  "money is not everything, and for example, it cannot solve the death problem.". money can't cure an incurable disease.  money cannot solve problems. theory alone makes perfect.  theory without practice is idle but empty.  theory is proved perfect only though practice. theory is not complete until put to practice. boys should have priority to receive education.  "we live in a society of gender equality, so girls also have the rights to receive education.". boys are not the only ones that need priority to receive an education. girls can come first as well.  i choose to attend a local university so that i can live away from home.  a university in the local city is actually near your home.  if you chose a local university it means it is closer to home.  living locally is close to home.  mike is such a hypocritical person that he's well-liked among friends.  "a hypothetical person always lies to others, and people usually don't like to make friends with a liar.". being a hypocrite is not something that people like.  people generally don't enjoy hypocrisy. parents should allow their children to watch more tv.  watching too much tv is harmful to children's eyesight and thus should be controlled.  there are much better activities for children. exercise is important to stay healthy.  jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs.  a thriftless person is incompetent in handling money and tends to waste money.  those who are not economical do not spend on what they really need. jeff doesn't make good financial choices. tom is praised for his repeated absence from school.  teachers will never encourage and praise any absence from school.  repeated absence from school can cause your grades to decline.  repeated absences are not praised.  tom is praised for his repeated absence from school.  "if parents satisfy every need of their children, children will be spoiled.". you need to attend school to succeed. absence from school is a negative trait and negatively affects students. "during the race, mr. taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker.". a loudspeaker is used to announce things or play music rather than talking.  one cannot chat during race.  the driver can't hear mr. taylor over the loud speaker. boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue.  "boiled water does not contain substance that keeps people refreshed and eliminates fatigue, but the tee does". boiling water is too hot for comsumption.  not stating how the water is used negates the rest of the sentence.  jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator.  jumping and bouncing in the elevator may result in malfunction.  "for safety reasons, jumping and bouncing would never be allowed in an elevator.". you cannot jump and bounce in an elevator as this bothers others and is dangerous.  the poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes.  "the poor cannot earn as much money as the wealthy, so they are not required to pay that much taxes.". the poor cannot afford more in taxes.  poor people are suffer even to earn little more money.  a coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave.  a coward is not at all brave and thus will not be admired.  a coward does not take risks; his actions do not result in being brave. "a coward by definition is not an extremely brave person, therefore if a person is a coward they wouldn't be admired for being brave.". romance movie is exciting and a little violent.  "romance movie is mostly romantic love stories, so it isn't exciting nor violent.". romance movies are romantic.  romance movies tend to be slow moving and boring. young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers.  "typically young teachers devote to education for fewer years than old teachers, so their teaching experience is less.". old teachers  are more aged and so have more experience than young teachers.  young teachers tend to be more energetic than older teachers. young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers.  "a park is an area of public land in a town or a city where people go to walk, play and relax.". young teachers have less experience because they've been working less time than old teachers.  older teachers have more knowledge and have more expirience. "if you heat water to 100 degrees, it freezes.". "water freezes under zero degree, so it will never freeze when the temperature was 100 degree.". water freezes only when it is heated to 212 degrees.  "in order to freeze water you need to lower the temperature drastically, not raise it.". "if we cannot locate the book we want in the library, we can ask the cook for help.". "a cook is a person whose job is to prepare and cook food, so he isn't specially trained to work in a library.". unlikely you will find a cook wowrking in the library. cooks do not work in the library. a swarm of bees walked into the garden.  "bees are not used to walking. instead, they have wings to fly.". bees are insects that fly.  bees can fly into a garden.  "the art gallery was broken into last night, and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings.". "policemen arrest thieves, so they don't steal valuable paintings.". policeman would not rob a gallery. "policies don't steal, and return theft.". he put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour.  "silt is fine sand, soil, or mud which is carried along by a river, so it cannot be used as a seasoning.". putting silt in a soup would make it innedible. silt would not improve the flavour of the soup. "last sunday, my family took a boat under the river.". typically we drive a submarine underwater rather than a boat.  it would not be possible to take a boat under a river because it would sink.  boats float on top of water.  "last sunday, my family took a boat under the river.". "when the traffic signals turn red, it shows that you must stop.". boats do not go under water.  "boats sail over the river, not under.". helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife.  a hospital is a place where people who are very ill or injured are treated by doctors and nurses.  helen was the attacker in this situation.  helen committed a crime and went to prison. freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk.  freshwater has no taste and thus isn't salty at all.  freshwater is not salty.  the candy can't be salty. play outside when typhoon attacks.  it is dangerous to play outside when typhoon attacks because you will get hurt.  typhoon is a cyclone which blows away everything on it's which doesn't make it possible to play outside.  being outside during a typhoon is incredibly dangerous and possibly fatal.  please turn on the light when you leave.  it's a waste of electricity if you turn on the light when you leave.  you would not want to pay to have the light on when you are not there.  one turns out the light while leaving the room to save power.  oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live.  "oxygen is very important, without which people and animals cannot breathe.". people and animalls cannot live without oxygen.  oxygen is the main as people and animals breathe. people are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside.  it will pollute the marine environment if people throw rubbish into the sea.  throwing rubbish into the sea would ruin the environment. littering is frowned upon.  dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans.  dolphin swims in the sea; it doesn't have limbs to walk on land.  "dolphins do not have feet nor can they slither, and cannot breathe for long out of the water so they are not land animals.". dolphins live in the sea and therefore are not land mammals. dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans.  an actor performs on the stage or in films rather than produce a film as a director.  dolphin floats or swims in the water hence is a aquatic mammal who is very intelligent and often friendly fish towards humans.  dolphins are mammals but do not live on land. the media can hype or misrepresent the facts.  "if the media hypes or misrepresents the facts, people will be misled and fail to make the correct judgment.". the media is supposed to represent facts.  the media should be an unbiased source of information.  i am able to be on duty this morning when i have to pick up my mother at the airport.  it is not possible for a person to deal with two things at the same time in different places.  i'm not free since i have to pick up my mother at the airport. a body does not occupy two spaces at the same time.  "because of his excellent work, he was dismissed from the boss.". the boss praises his employee for his excellent work rather than dismiss him.  excellent work does not get you fired.  you don't get dismissed for excellent work.  my parents always punished me when i did well at school.  parents punish their kids only when they behave badly or commit serious mistakes.  punishment is no reward. it does not make sense for parents to punish their children for succeeding because they naturally want them to do well.  "a flower may blossom again, and a person can also get young again.". a person can never get young again as he cannot turn back the clock.  "a person only gets older, and cannot get younger". humans age in a natural process that does not involve re-blooming as flowers may do.  i am laughing because i am so sad.  "usually, you weep if you're sad.". a sad person will never laugh.  we cry when we are sad. i talked to her a few days after she died.  "if a person died, he could never speak again.". you cant talk to her if she was already dead. one cannot speak to a dead person.  you can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus.  "it makes people mad when someone jumps the queue, and it is impolite to do so.". people will be mad at you if you jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus.  buses and taxis do not have queues that you are able to jump.  i can enter my house as i lost my key.  "if you lost your key, you cannot open the door.". if you locked your house and lost your key you cannot get in.  without a key you can't unlock your door. i went to paris on foot from china.  it is impossible to walk to paris since it situates in western europe not in asia.  you cannot reach paris by foot from china.  you cannot walk to paris from china.  lebron james is an american professional football player. lebron james plays basketball. he doesn't play football.  lebron is a well known iconic basketball player.  lebron hames does not play football.  lebron james is an american professional football player. "caster sugar tastes sweet, but not spicy.". lebron james plays basketball.  lebron james is a basketball player. "in summer, one of my favorite food is hot water.". hot water cannot make you feel cool in summer.  it would make a person feel very hot if he drinks hot wster in summer.  hot water is not a food.  my mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid.  "a tiger is dangerous and fierce, which cannot be kept as a pet.". tigers cannot be kept at home.  tigers are not children and can harm you or kill you.  many plants and trees grow in the desert.  "water resource is limited in the desert, so not many plants and trees can take root and survive.". the desert does not usually have enough water to support plants.  you'll find very few plants and trees growing in the desert.  sleep is my bread and butter.  sleep is the natural state of rest which enables your body to rest. it doesn't provide you with money that you need in order to live.  you do not get paid to sleep. "bread and butter refers to work that pays one's bills, sleep is not likely to be something one is paid for.". the firm has over 500 employers.  "an employer of a firm is a person that pays people to work, so usually it is unlikely that there are 500 employers.". "employer keeps employees for their company ,it is possible that a firm can have 1-5 employers but not 500.". companies do not generally have over 500 employers.  a penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the arctic.  "though the climate of the north pole and the south pole is similar, there are no penguins found in the north pole.". there are no penguins in the arctic.  penguins live in antarctica.  polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics.  "the preferred habitat of polar bears is the annual sea ice covering the waters, so they cannot survive in the tropics.". "tropical climates are warm, generally animals that live their do not need fur.". "polar bears do not live in what would generally be considered ""the tropics.""". polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics.  "dinosaurs lived in prehistoric times, but they are extinct now.". polar bears live in the poles not in the tropics (that are really warm). polar bears live in cold climates and the tropics are warm. he works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest.  it is unlikely for people to commute to the deep of the forest to work.  financial companies do not work in the middle of the forest. companies are not built in forests.  it seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky.  "usually, there are no dark clouds when the weather clears up.". dark clouds block the sun. dark clouds block sunlight.  you'd better drive fast when it rains heavily.  speeding up on a rainy day can easily lead to a car accident.  when it's raining it is dangerous to drive fast.  it is best to drive slow during heavy rain.  the usa is a great country that lies in asia.  the usa lies in north america.  the usa is in north america. the usa is country which is the part of north america continent.  staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day.  "if you stay up late at night, you will be exhausted in the next day.". if you stay up late you might sleep all day.  staying up late doesn't help with work. he is as a fish out of water among friends.  "friends are people who you know well and like, so you tend to feel relaxed among them.". you should feel comfortable around friends.  "friends are people who you are familiar with, so you wouldn't feel out of place among them.". young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu.  "young adults are stronger than old people, so they are less vulnerable to the flu.". young adults have a strong immune system and therefore are not susceptible to the flu. older people have a weaker immune system. children don't need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside.  children are not mature enough to be legally responsible for their actions.  children need chaperones so they stay safe.  children face harmful situation when travel alone. the early bird catches the cat.  "birds don't catch cats; instead, they will be hunted and killed by cats.". a  bird is too weaktp catch a cat.  a bird who is up early sees the first worm and catches it.  it's of great use crying over spilled milk.  "spilled milk can hardly be gathered up like before; in other words, what is done cannot be undone.". adding more mess to clean up if you cry over it. crying over spilled milks gets you nothing. light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting.  light music is soft and relaxing and thus doesn't have strong beats.  light music is calming and soft. light music is quieter than that.  i can see the breeze across my face.  the breeze has no substance and can't be seen.  breeze is not visible.  the wind is invisible.  "when people are thirsty, they will eat biscuits.". biscuits are too dry to quench thirst.  cookies don't quench thirst. they will choke on a biscuit if they eat it while thirsty. i go to the library to sing.  the library is not the place to sing and can't make any noise.  the library is a place where silence is required. singing in a library is not allowed.  human beings walk on all fours.  human beings are animals that walk upright on two feet.  "dogs walk on all fours, men are bipedes". humans walk on their two legs.  farmers often sow in winter.  winter is too cold for seeds to survive and grow.  "famers can't sow in winter, because nothing will grow.". "seeds will not germinate in the cold weather sow they need to be sowed when the weather is warm enough for them to grow, which is not in the winter.". "he felt very hot, so he put on his coat.". the coat can keep warm and will not be worn when it is hot.  one wears a coat when is cold.  casual dress more suits during hot days. salt smells salty.  saltiness cannot be judged by smell and salt has no special smell.  salt does not have an odor. you can't smell if something is salty tasting.  "he didn't reach the rank, so he got the certificate.". certificates can only be issued to people whose scores meet the rank.  he needs to reach the rank to get the certificate.  certificate is a proof of victory or position. his beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy.  no one will be happy to lose the one they love most.  he was close to his wife so he was in anguish at her death.  he would be sad if he loved his wife.  he cooks in the bathroom.  "bathroom is not the place for cooking, but for bathing.". cooking is done in the kitchen. "the bathroom is for taking showers, brushing teeth, and taking care of toiletries.". the core of the banana is too hard to eat.  the core of banana is small and soft and can be eaten directly.  bananas do not have pits.  a banana is a soft fruit with no hard core.  the lake froze because the temperature was too high.  high temperature will make water boil instead of freeze.  frozen situation is in very low temperature. high temperatures do not cause things to freeze.  "when you feel hot, you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner.". raising the temperature of the air conditioner will only make you feel hotter.  raising the temperature of the air conditioner will make the room hotter.  "raising the temperture of the air conditioner would result in the air being warmer, therefore if one wants cooler air, lowering the tempurature of the air conditioning would make the air cooler.". "when you get fat, you are eating junk food.". "you may get fat for many reasons, not just eating junk food.". medical conditions can cause weight gain. "not only can food make you fat, but countless other problems". "when you feel very spicy, you need to eat a chili pepper.". chili pepper will make you feel spicier.  fire doesn't put out fire. "chili pepper will increase more spiciness, change the taste, eat something like sweets , or something salty which will help in reducing spiciness". you can wash your hair with detergent.  detergent is used to clean tableware. detergent will hurt your hair.  "detergent is used to wash clothing or dishes, but it is not intended for washing hair.". "in order to save water, i turned on the tap.". turning on the tap will cause more water loss.  turning on the tap does not save water. turning on the tap uses more water. there was a traffic jam because i missed the flight.  missing the flight can't cause a traffic jam.  missing a flight woud not cause a traffic jam.  traffic isn't caused by someone missing their flight. he likes swimming on the grass nearby.  there is no water on the grass and it is impossible to swim.  you cannot swim in grass.  in order to swim you need a body of water. a driver's license is required for calling cards now.  the driver's license cannot handle the phone card.  calling cards don't require a license. "any form of id is required for calling cards, not just driver licenses.". "there is a red light ahead, you can drive through.". "traffic regulations stipulate that you must stop when there is a red light, but across when there is a green light". red lights mean you need to stop.  red lights may not be driven through.  bathing can wash my skin off.  the skin is a part of the human body and cannot be washed away.  its very unlikely to loose your skin during bath.  skin does not wash off the body. there is a dog dancing on a flower.  the flower is too small for a dog to dance on. dogs are much larger than flowers.  a flower is too small for a dog to dance on.  "when it rained, i didn't bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry.". "if you don't take an umbrella, you will be caught in the rain and your clothes will get wet.". rain would make my clothes wet. "if it rains, it wets". "he was often late, so he won the attendance award.". frequent lateness counts as absence from work and cannot be awarded the attendance award.  the attendance award is given to people who always attend and are on time. attendance awards are given to those who show up on time.  "he is a cook, so he drives every day.". the job of driving is done by the driver.  "a cook's primary job is to make food, and not drive.". a cook's job is cooking. we often use a spatula to eat noodles.  the spatula is used for cooking but not eating. a spatula cannot grab noodles as it is known for being smooth and slippery.  noodles fall off of spatulas. we will not wear clothes when we attend banquets.  "it is very indecent not to wear clothes, especially on occasions like banquets.". not wearing any clothing is not socially acceptable. when you attend a banquet you often where formal wear.  alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers.  the law stipulates that alcohol can't be sold to teenagers.  the age restriction for buying alcohol is older than a teenager.  alcoholic beverages are illegal for teenagers. we are asking people to support companies that use child labor.  employing child labor is not only illegal but also harmful to children and should not be supported.  child labor is bad.  child labor is often frowned upon. "the kid is walking with a brisk pace, and his grandpa can easily keep up with him.". "grandpa is older and moves slowly, so it is difficult to walk very fast.". grandpas usually walk slow.  "grandpa's are know for walking slower, not at a brisk pace.". "if you want the audience to laugh, you should say something frightening.". saying frightening things does not make people laugh.  "if someone says frightening, audience will get frightened not they will not laugh for sure.". "if you say something frightening, the audience will run away. they won't laugh. so the sentence is nonsensical". "he has been resting, so he soon learned to swim.". rest will not enable one to master swimming skills.  resting does not result in learning how to swim. "if you don't practice, you won't learn to swim.". people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings.  tyranny is the exploitation and oppression of the people and can't bring them a peaceful and prosperous life.  under the tyranny of kings people are afraid. a king who is a tyrant does not include a peaceful life.  the principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud.  clouds can't be used to generate electricity and windmills don't use clouds either.  windmills use the power of winds to generate power. clouds would not produce any wind on their own to generate electricity.  huge glaciers can be seen at the equator.  the equator is so hot that glaciers can't exist.  it is too hot at the equator for glaciers. "the equator is very hot, glaciers would melt there". he has a good reputation because he often bullies others.  people who bully others generally don't get a good evaluation so they don't have a good reputation.  bullies are mean to people and torment them.  bullies are not nice to people so therefore they do not have good reputations.  we should keep the salt in a moist place.  salt is soluble in water and moist places dissolve the salt.  if salt gets moist it loses its texture.  salt would begin dissolving in a moist place.  a autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony.  an autocratic society will not allow multiple views to exist.  autocratic society only allows one view. autocratic is systematic. the failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow.  the failure of capital raising means that a sum of money is missing and a good opportunity for the company to grow is lost.  when a company fails to raise capital it goes bankcrupt. failure is the opposite of growth.  the man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop.  "shoe shops don't sell bread, but shoes.". shoeshops sell shoes not bread.  bread is not sold in a shoeshop. he was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen.  those who betray others will not be respected by others.  fellow countrymen are usually patriotic and will not revere you for your betrayal.  betrayal doesn't call for reverence.  the film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine.  taking cold medicine is not illegal and will not be arrested.  cold medicine is not illegal. cold medicine is not illegal.  burning trash purifies air quality.  burning trash will produce a lot of harmful gases and can't purify the air.  burning trash can cause toxic fumes.  burning trash sets free a lot of toxins. "i am weary after this long journey, and i need a dance.". "dancing can't eliminate tiredness, on the contrary, it will consume more physical strength.". "people don't dance when they're tired from long journeys, they rest.". you need lots of energy to dance. . humans can explore the universe with the ship.  "ships can only sail on water, not into space.". "the word ""ship"" typically refers to a sea vessel which cannot explore the universe.". ships can only go in deep water. obese children should increase the intake of junk food.  "junk food has a high-calorie content, and increasing intake will lead to more obesity.". obese children may get high blood pressure if they increase their junk food intake. obesity is worsened by consuming junk food.  children can play near high voltage lines.  electrical currents with high voltage are dangerous.  high voltage lines are deadly and are not meant for children.  high voltage lines are very dangerous to children.  his mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor.  "clothes scattered on the floor look messy, and no one will be happy in a messy environment.". mothers do not like clothes scattered on the floor as it looks messy.  a mother would typically be annoyed about clothes being left on the floor.  "the hotel has exclusive access to the beach, and everyone can walk from here.". the access which everyone can pass is public rather than exclusive.  "exclusive access means that everyone is not permitted, only certain people may use it.". "the word ""exclusive"" would mean that access is limited only to a certain few.". the injured leg has improved his ability to run.  "an injured leg is not conducive to movement, let alone to improve running ability.". injury causes pain and impaired movement. "if you were injured, you cannot run.". we should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time.  it is easy to damage a new machine if we tamper with it by ourselves.  you could break the machine.  machines may stop working if we tamper with it.  he often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce.  a smile often denotes pleasure and friendship.  fierce is not how people describe a smiling person.  "a smile is a friendly gesture, not fierce at all.". sport and recreation have always been all of university life.  "university life is very rich, not limited to sport and recreation.". sports are an addition to university life. "sport and recreation can be part of the university life, but not all.". "when we catch the thief, we should kill him.". "murder is illegal, and the thief's crime is not enough to kill him.". one has no right to take out human life.  it is not our job to kill those against the law.  he went to the orchard to buy books.  "books should be bought in bookstores, and there are generally no books in orchards.". they don't sell books at orchards.  orchards have fruits and not books. i can see his thoughts directly.  thought is not an entity and cannot be seen with eyes.  thoughts are not tangible objects and therefore cannot be seen.  thoughts are not physical and can not be seen.  grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool.  sitting directly in the sun will be very hot.  no one can feel cool sitting in hot sun.  it is hot in the sun. we must try our best to increase the likelihood of war.  the outbreak of war has done great harm.  it's not ethic to increase likelihood of war.  people usually want to avoid war.  noodle can be used for making coins.  noodles are a kind of food and are not suitable for making coins.  noodles are made for eating.  "noodles are organic, don't favor making coins that should last long". his finger was hurt by the petal on the rose.  rose petals are very soft and don't hurt people.  petal can not harm the hands as they are soft.  "petals are not harmful, a rose has thorns though that are.". you will be unable to move if you fall into the water.  water is very fluid and doesn't trap people.  you can swim or flail in the water. humans can swim. prick a hole in the paper with a thread.  the thread is so soft that it can't poke the paper.  a thread is not sharp enough to prick a hole in paper.  "you can even tie a paper to a line, but never stick to it.". the clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous.  "rubbish is dirty and smelly, and has no ornamental value.". rubbish does not look gorgeous.  rubbish means something is not up to standard. "he was very suspicious of her, so he told her everything he knew.". people usually don't open their hearts to people they don't trust.  if he was suspicious then he wouldn't trust her enough to tell her everything he knew.  if you are suspicious of someone you shouldn't tell them things.  he licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room.  licking mud is a very dirty thing and people usually don't use their tongues to clean up the dirt.  no one licks mud as it is very dirty.  one would not use his/her tongue to get mud off of boots.  the yard is an integral part of the house.  not all houses are equipped with yards.  the yard isn't part of the house. a house doesn't need a yard to be a house.  passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher's service during this flight.  the teacher's workplace isn't on the plane.  teachers do not serve airline passengers as part of their jobs.  teachers usually don't teach at flights. ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely.  garbage and waste can't bring nutrients to crops.  garbage and waste deteriorate crops.  garbage and waste would kill crops.  it's a serious crime to consign an animal into britain.  it is legal to consign animals through a series of procedures.  consigning an animal is not a serious crime.  animals are not goods at you can consign. many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air.  air is everywhere and human beings can't survive in areas lacking air.  "air is abundant and not charged on the world, it is free". air is abundant everywhere.  "as an irresponsible teacher, she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students.". irresponsible teachers don't care too much about their students.  an irresponsible teacher would not take the effort to know anything perfectly.  "if she were irresponsible, she wouldn't know anything.". the tiger has spots on its body.  tigers have stripes instead of spots.  tigers have stripes. there are stripes on the body of the tiger.  the strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors.  the odor of flowers doesn't cause discomfort to people.  flowers have a nice smell. flowers smell good.  he took a long bath in the pot after a day's work.  "pots can't be used for bathing, but for cooking.". toilets are not clean or large enough to take a bath in.  pots are too small to bathe in.  i twisted the rope around her injured leg.  the rope had no helpful effect on the injured leg.  a rope could be used as a tourniquet.  a rope would not help an injured leg. the company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices.  the latest device doesn't need to be replaced.  latest devices has many useful options and functions which doesn't have in obsolete devices. the latest devices would replace old ones. waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers.  the water drops are too heavy for the wind to transport it too far.  waterdrops fall to the earth and then soak into the ground.  water drops fall down to the earth and cannot be transported by air. we should read more bad books to improve ourselves.  the content of a bad book can't give us a good message to improve ourselves.  bad books do not help with self-improvement.  reading a bad book does not cause growth or improvement in our lives.  "in summer, stars sparkle on the ground.". the ground doesn't reflect starlight.  the floor cannot reflect the brightness of the stars. "does not make sense because stars are in the sky, not in the ground". you can eat too much ice cream at once. it won't make you sick. frozen foods can be very irritating to the stomach. using the word too much indicates negative consequences.  over eating results in getting sick. staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager's eyesight. staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time may cause nearsightedness. staring at an electronic screen for periods of time can damage a teenager's eyesight.  plenty of scientific research exists to show that this activity is bad for anyone's eyesigt.  you don't need an umbrella on a rainy day. using an umbrella on a rainy day can keep your body dry. if you don't want to get wet when it rains you need an umbrella.  umbrella will keep you dry from the rain. any racket can play tennis. tennis rackets have specific requirements in terms of size. i can't play tennis with a badminton racket.  some rackets are too small to play tennis with.  any fish can be eaten raw. some raw fish contains parasites and is not good for your health. you might die if you eat some fish raw. some fish are poisonous if eaten.  staying up all night is good for your health. the human body needs sleep to relieve fatigue. it's not healthy to stay up all night.  staying up can cause stress to your body. the human body is mainly made up of minerals. minerals are found in very small amounts in the human body. science says the human body is mainly made of water.  minerals do not naturally occur in the human body. the main greenhouse gas is oxygen. oxygen cannot cause the greenhouse effect. "oxygen is the gas that we breathe, not responsible for greenhouse effects". "the major atmospheric constituents, nitrogen (n 2), oxygen (o 2), and argon (ar), are not greenhouse gases because molecules containing two atoms of the same element such as n 2 and o 2 have no net change in the distribution of their electrical charges when they vibrate, and monatomic gases such as ar do not have vibrational modes, hence they are almost totally unaffected by infrared radiation.". the sun goes around the earth. all the planets go around the sun in the solar system. "the sun does not move, the earth rotates.". the sun is stationary. planes can fly into space. the plane is not fast enough to break through the atmosphere and go into space. planes don't have the technology to fly into space.  only rockets can go to space.  monkeys can dive in the water. a monkey can't breathe in water. monkeys do not spend time in the water. monkeys do not swim.  he said his younger brother was born able to speak. a baby is not fully developed at birth and can not speak. newborn infants cannot speak. i never saw a new born baby talking.  the average winter temperature in malaysia is below zero degrees. malaysia is near the equator and usually warm in winter. malaysia is typically warm.  "malaysia is known for very hot, and humid weather.". penguins can swim from the antarctic to the arctic. the distance from the antarctic to the arctic is too far for any creature to swim from one to another. penguins cannot tolerate warm climates.  the arctic is too far away from the antarctic for penguins to swim.  "if you study hard, you will not be able to graduate". hard work will not lead to graduation difficulties. examinations are to be passed for graduation. studying hard helps you work towards graduating.  people should wear short sleeves in winter. the snowy winter is very cold and short sleeves are not enough to keep out the cold. winter includes very cold temperatures so a short sleeve would not provide enough protection.  you need long sleeves to stay warm.  cheating on exams should be encouraged. cheating in the examination is immoral and shouldn't be allowed. "cheating makes the student dull ,if allowed then they will never study hence will not able to grow in his future.". encourage must give to enhance the good and positive qualities. you can answer in chinese in an english exam. the english exam must be answered in english. english exam is a language exam to write answers in english only and not in chinese language.  you will fail if you answer in cinese. people who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs. a big appetite is no help in finding a job. no correlation. appetites do not help people find jobs. he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy. junk food has unbalanced nutrition complements and is bad for health. "junk food is not healthy, less is more". junk food contain many unhealthy elements. there is an ocean in the skyscraper. skyscrapers are supposed to be buildings that can not have oceans. an ocean is too big to fit in a skyscraper. "skyscrapers are buildings, and oceans cannot be in buildings.". in the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs. dinosaurs died out long ago. dinosaurs could live in the depths of the ocean as long as they are aquatic. dinosaurs are extinct. you should have a snack in class. no snacking is allowed in class.  snack should only be eaten at snack time. you shouldnt eat in class. i jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class. it's dangerous to jump from the fourth floor. jumping out off a fourth floor window most likely would lead to injury or death. fourth floor is way too high for humans to jump. i went to the movie theater and met batman in person. "batman is the character in the movie, not someone in the reality". batman is not real.  "batman ins't real, he's a character.". i can see transformers in disneyland. disneyland doesn't have transformers but universal studios do. transformers are not a disney attraction. transformers is not owned by disney.  santa claus brings me presents at christmas. santa claus isn't real. he's a character in a fairy tale. santa claus is not real. santa claus is not real.  he stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him. "it's immoral and illegal to steal, and it's definitely not something deserves praising". a parent would never praise their son for stealing.  mothers are not known for praising their son's when they steal.  "if there is the sun in the sky, usually we can also see the moon". the sun and the moon don't often exist in the sky at the same time. usually the moon is not out at the same time as the sun.  sun normally offuscates the moon. the moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up. the moon in the water is only its reflection ad cannot be picked up. monkeys cannot pick up the moon.  monkeys cannot lift the moon. mapping software can help us understand foreign languages. "mapping software can help us find the right way, but it does nothing to help us understand a foreign language". mapping software does not help understand languages.  mapping software is useless for language.  you're free to post other people's work online. other people's works have copyright which should not be violated. we have copyright laws. the only person who should be free to do this is the person themselves.  there is snow in june in the northern hemisphere. june is summer in the northern hemisphere and there is no snow. june is a season of summer  in the northern hemisphere. the north pole is at the northern hemisphere and snows in june.  "when the sun comes up in east, it also comes up in west". there can't be two suns in the sky. the sun can only be coming up in one direction.  the sun can't be up at 2 locations at one time. man can't breathe in space. there's no oxygen in space and humans need oxygen to breathe. man has breathed is space already.  spacesuits allow men to breathe in space. i have three heads and six arms. a man has only one head and two arms. you wouldn't be able to live if you had that many heads and arms. my body has only 1 head and 2 arms.  i can take the high-speed train to hawaii for a vacation. hawaii is an island and can only be reached by air. you cannot get to hawaii via train.  trains can not go to hawaii. my family lives on the top of the himalayas. "the summit of the himalayas is at 8,000 meters above sea level and is uninhabitable". the himalayas it's too cold and has no food. no one can live on the top of the himalayas as it is inhabitable.  michael jackson gave a concert in 2018. michael jackson died in 2009. michael jackson died in 2008. michael jackson died before 2018.  he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried. you would be upset rather than happy when someone you care about is crying. he would not be happy she is crying. crying is a sign of sadness. apples grow in the field. the apple is the fruit of the apple tree. it grows on the tree. apple trees produce apples. there are apple trees where the fruit grows. lions are sea animals. lions cannot be sea animals because they live on land. lions are not sea creatures and  cannot swim. lions live on land.  "after reading a magazine, we should burn it". magazines are made of paper and can be recycled many times. burning a magazine is a waste and not appropriate; recycle instead.  burning the magazine does not help the environment. we can drink from any river directly. "there are often many bacteria in the river water, which can not be drunk without treatment". rivers contain substances harmful to human health. river water is too dirty for consumption.  you can yell in a movie theater. we should keep quiet in a movie theater. your voice is not muted in a theater.  we have a responsibility  to maintain silence and discipline in public entertainment places.  you can shoot a movie freely in a theater. it is illegal to shoot a film in a cinema. you watch movies in a theater. during watching the movies you cannot shoot the movie freely due to restrictions inside the theater.  he put his feet on the table and his mother praised him. putting feet on the table is uncivilized and should not be praised for. putting feet on the table is a sign of bad manners. mother doesn't appreciate her son for this bad behavior.  he didn't think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar. "vinegar makes the food more sour, not saltier". vinegar does not add a salty flavour. vinegar doesn't make a meal more salty.  his sister married when she was 9. his sister hadn't reached the legal age for marriage at the age of nine. marriage doesn't occur until she is an adult. she was married when she was 19. she lost 20 pounds in one night. "losing weight is a process, and losing 20 pounds overnight is impossible". that much weight cannot be lost that quickly.  it's not possible to lose 20 pounds in a night.  the flowers in the garden are very delicious. flowers in the garden are not to be eaten. "you don't eat flowers, you eat veggies". unless you are a bug or animal you wouldn't likely eat them.  this book looks good on you. "books are meant to be read, not worn". a book isn't an outfit.  i've never worn a book.  tom took notes in the comic book. comic books are for amusement and people usually don't take notes on them. "you take notes in regular notebooks, and not in comic books.". "comic books are meant for reading, not annotating.". i planted my brother in the ground. humans can not be planted. humans cannot be planted in the ground.  brother is a person and not seed. apples grow on pear trees. apples are fruits of an apple tree. pear trees can only grow pears.  only pears can grow on pear trees.  i kicked the watermelon home with my foot. watermelons are fragile. you can't kick them. the watermelon would break if i kicked it. watermelon homes doesn't exist. we eat roast goose on thanksgiving day. thanksgiving tradition is to eat turkey. roast goose is eaten for the christmas holidays.  "typically, people eat turkey on thanksgiving day.". i put my hand in the hot oil. "the hot oil is so hot, you'll burn yourself if you let it in". putting hands in hot oil would cause severe burns.  putting hand in a hot oil burns the hand. "when the japanese meet, they high-five each other". "bowing is a basic etiquette in japan, not high-fiving". "they don't high-five, they bow". when people meet they do not high-five one another.  vegetables will help me to keep fat. vegetables are rich in vitamins rather than fat.  "vegetable are low in calories, therefore they would help you be skinny.". vegetables do not have a lot of fat. airplanes make travel much slower.  the speed of the airplane is very fast.  you must compare the speed of the modes of travel. airplanes are the fastest mode of travel.  mature apples are bitter.  mature apples contain a lot of sugar.  apples taste the best when they are mature and therefore should not be bitter.  "generally, ripe apples are sweet.". watermelon is a poisonous fruit.  watermelon contains no poison.  watermelon is not a poisonous fruit. watermelon is not poisonous.  the cock is laying eggs.  the cock has no function of laying eggs.  a cock is a male that cannot lay eggs.  cocks don't lay eggs. "in general, lemonade without any additives tastes spicy". lemonade itself tastes sour because of citric acid.  lemons don't have a spicy taste.  lemonade is not spicy unless something spicy is added to it.  too much drinking can cure stomach disease. too much alcohol is bad for the stomach. stomach diseases sre aggravated by drinking.  "too much drinking actually damages your liver, sometimes permanently.". the sun rises from the west. the earth turns from west to east. sun sets in the west. depends on the current position of the observator.  "it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest, so the tropical rainforest is wet". winds don't have much to do with humidity of the tropical rainforest. it rains often in the tropical rain forest creating a moist environment. wind and wetness are two different factors that do not relate.  you should do exercise when you feel hungry. exercise will drain physical strength rather than restore it. exercise does not help hunger.  exercise would make you hungrier. usually there are many monkeys in malls. monkeys can only live in the zoo or the wild. mall is a shopping area and moneys are restricted to enter. monkeys don't go to malls. "in general, milk is from milk plant". milk is originally milked from cows. there isn't a milk plant. "milk comes from animals, not a plant.". beijing is the name of a country. beijing is one of the cities in china. "beijing isn't a country, it's a city.". beijing is not a country.  you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain. the pitcher is a container for liquid. a pitcher is not a climbing tool. pitchers are used for drinking. i put my books in a shoebox. shoebox is used to put on shoes. shoeboxes are for shoes not books.  shoes go in a shoebox. a kitchen is a place to rest. people usually cook in a kitchen. there aren't any places to sleep comfortably in a kitchen.  a typical kitchen does not have a place for resting.  refrigerators can heat drinks. the refrigerator has no heating function. refrigerators are used to cool or freeze stuff. refrigerators are build to cool drinks instead of heating them. flowers will always be blooming. flowers have cycles. flowers don't bloom in winter. flowers don't bloom all year.  new york is the capital city of illinois. new york does not belong to illinois. "albany is the capital city of new york, also new york is a u.s. state can't be the city.". new york is not in illinois.  the poor countries are more livable than in rich countries.  rich countries can better satisfy people's demands than poor countries. poor countries have less resources and are therefore less livable.  poor countries have much worse living conditions.  staying up late is helpful for our health.  staying up late will cause dark circles or blood streak in the white of the eye.  staying up late will make you tired.  getting good sleep is a staple of good health.  studying hardly is useless.  studying hardly is the basic thing to get a good mark.  studying furthers your education and knowledge.  studying is the best way to pass. a little baby can feed itself. a little baby doesn't have the ability to get food by itself. a baby does not know to feed itself.  a baby needs help to eat. shopping online is inconvenient. shopping online saves much time and money.  "shopping online provides you to shop from the comfort of your own home, in the car, at work etc.". convenience can be increased by shopping online. the giraffe doesn't have a long neck. giraffes have long necks for genetic reasons. the main characteristic of a giraffe is it's long neck.  the neck of a giraffe is one of the longest of any animal. "during holidays, there aren't many tourists in the scenic spot". "people don't have to work on holidays, so many people choose to go out for fun". people are off during the holidays and spend their free time in tourist destinations.  holidays attract tourists. frogs aren't amphibians. frogs can live either in water or on land. amphibians live in water and on land. frogs can live both on water and land.  pandas don't like to eat bamboo leaves. eating bamboo leaves is a diet characteristic of pandas. pandas eat bamboo leaves.  that is the only thing pandas eat. there are a lot of pandas. there are fewer than three thousand pandas in the world. pandas are becoming endangered.  pandas are near to extinction.  the dog isn't very loyal. the dog guards the house and protects its owner. dogs are know for being loyal.  dogs are naturally loyal.  you can't eat vegetables to get vitamin c. vegetables contain vitamin c. vitamin c comes from vegetables.  only in the fruits and vegetables contains vitamin c. eating more vegetables is bad for health. vegetables contain elements needed by the human body. lack of vegetables in your diet weakens your immune system.  vegetables provide vitamins for the body. apples are bad for people's health. apples contain elements that are good for you. apple contain many nutritional values.  apples are a healthy fruit and a great option for snacks. sugar cane generally lives in the north. the climate in the south is favorable to the growth of sugar cane. sugar can is shipped to the north but not grown there. sugar cane will not grow in the snow.  oranges live in the north. the climate in the south suits oranges. "oranges are know for the south as they cannot grow in cold, winter weather.". people do not discuss where fruits live.  the coconut palm doesn't live in the tropics. there are no coconut trees anywhere except in the tropics. the coconut palm only lives in the weather created in the tropics.  coconut palms need heat to grow. there are not a lot of living creatures in the tropics. the temperature and ten degrees in the tropics are suitable for living things. the tropics are full of flora and fauna. the tropics has a lot of living diverse creatures.  dogs aren't reliable. dogs are loyal and friendly to people so they are reliable. dogs have animal instincts and are irrational beings.  dogs come when called. study hard to get bad grades. studying hard helps get good grades. you'll get bad grades if you don't study hard.  hard work usually generates good results.  summer is very cold. summer is very hot because of the earth's rotation and revolution. summer is the hottest season. summer is a warm weather season.  winter is hot. winter is cold because of the earth's rotation and revolution. it is cold during winter.  winter is when it snows. maple leaves don't fall in autumn. autumn is the metabolic season for maple trees. all leaves fall due to drops in temperature.  leaves are known for falling during autumn.  the fruit ripened in spring. fruit trees sprout in spring and bear fruit in autumn. spring is too early for fruit to ripen.  most fruit ripens in summer.  don't take medicine when you're sick. drugs kill viruses. medicine is known to be a pain reliever and impacts physical health. if you are sick you and you want to get better then you would take medicine.  learning shouldn't be done step by step. it's impossible to learn all the stuff at one time. you can better learn if you go step by step.  "in order to learn, follow a path of related tasks". we shouldn't listen to teachers carefully in class.  the students should listen to the teacher carefully. not listening to teachers in class would lead to failure in exams.  if you don't listen you will fail. it is not polite to say hello. it is very polite to say hello to someone. to say hello is to greet a person and can be impolite at times.  it is always polite to greet someone.  rats are not pests. rats may infect plague. rats are a health hazard and a pest that gets exterminated. rats are a pest to many people. carrots are not good for your eyes. beta-carotene is good for the eyes. carrots are good for your eyes because they have beta carotene.  doctors love recommending carrots for vision.  we should not help the weak.  "everyone has a hard time, so we should help the weak". the weak need help. the biggest reward comes in helping the weak.  parents shouldn't spend more time with their children.  children's growth and education are inseparable from their parents. children need parents to spend time with them. parents generally don't have the option to spend less time with their children. "in school, you should not obey the rules and regulations.". local rules and regulations must be observed everywhere. if you do not obey rules and regulations in school it will be chaos and nobody will be able to learn.  schools have rules that students are ordered to obey.  "in amusement parks, parents should not take good care of very young children.". children are easily lost in crowded places of entertainment. it is a parents job to look after their children.  "children can get lost, so parents should take care of them.". parents should not listen carefully to their children's voices. "although children are young, they have their own ideas and they deserve respect". parents not listening to their children's voices carefully has consequences.  parents can't help their children if they don't listen to their voices. we shouldn't take care of trees.  trees is our good companion and brings us a lot of conveniences. "trees keep us alive, so we need to protect them.". "if we don't take care of the trees, we will die.". "as a child, you do not have to help your parents do housework.". "parents are very busy, children should help their parents do housework". "if parents will not finish their work the child may get suffer due to delay, so child should help parents in housework whenever required.". children should always help their parents out with housework.  parents shouldn't be patient in educating their children. "children are young, parents must have the patience to educate children". if you are not patient with your children they will never learn anything. "if there's no patience,one cannot educate the children.". the united states is a developing country. america's economy is on a par with that of the developed world. the us is known as a first world country and is very developed.  the us has been developed for many years. trains usually close ticket-checking lanes minutes after departure.  the train closed its gates a few minutes before it was due to safety concerns. ticket-checking lanes are unnecessary after departure. lanes do not need to close once a train has already departed.  cooking is easy for children. cooking requires mastery of cooking skills which are hard for children. most children have not yet been taught to cook so it is difficult for them.  to cook you need to learn how first and children are very young and have not had the time to learn how to cook.  china is a developed country. china's economic and other strength belongs to the level of developing countries.  china is considered as largest emerging and developing country with exceptional gdp rate.  the united states is a developed country.  "if you want to take a bus, you do not need to buy a ticket". tickets are the threshold for a ride.  it costs money to ride the bus.  buses cost money to ride.  things are not changing every day. every day things move and change.  things don't stay the same every day. "life is not an inertia, it has movement.". we can't get more by sharing. share with each other and you can get two things. sharing is giving and receiving. it is nonsensical to say we can't get more by sharing since when one person has more of something than he can possibly use sharing some of it with others less fortunate gives everyone more.  "when the fruits are ripe in autumn, they don't need to be harvested". "if the fruit is not picked in time, it will fall and rot.". ripe fruits need to be harvested. fruits that are ripe should be harvested or they will go to waste.  "if you eat sugar, it won't give you a quick energy boost". sugar can quickly replenish the energy needed by the human body. eating sugar boosts energy.  sugar is known for giving you a quick energy boost. running for too long won't make you tired. long distance running consumes human energy and makes people tired.  running tires your body because of the release of energy. running exhausts your energy.  you don't need a license if you want to drive. the driving license is the threshold of driving. it's against the law to drive without a license.  need and want are different words.  "if you want to get a job, you mustn't learn a skill first". you can only do a good job if you have the skills you need to do it.  to work at a job you must have some set of skills.  to perform a job you must have a skill of some kind. "if you don't want to work overtime, get the job done slowly". quick completion of the work can help avoid working overtime. working slowly will make you need to stay overtime to finish.  "if you don't work quickly, you will need to work longer.". listening to light music helps you sleep slowly. listening to light music can relax and make people sleep fast.  sleeping slowly are not words that are used together.  calming noises help people fall asleep more quickly.  "if there's nothing you can do, it's a bad idea to ask for help". seeking help is also a way to solve the problem.  if you're struggling you need to ask for help.  "we ask for help, when there is nothing we can do about the situation". do not be careful when using electricity. electricity can cause death. electricity would turn fatal if not handled properly.  electricity is very dangerous and you should be careful around it.  you should not save water. water resources are limited. we should save and protect water resources.  save water is the most smart thing to do. it is wrong because water helps preserve our environment.  you can not use the water from the dishes to water the flowers. washing dishes water is non-toxic to flowers and can reuse water resources.  any water can be used to water the flowers.  water from the dishes contains soap that will kill flowers.  turn the power on when you leave. turn off the power supply when you leave the house to prevent electric disasters. it is best to turn power off when you leave.  "to save energy, you should turn the power off when you leave.". high voltage will not threaten human safety. too high a voltage can be unbearable and harmful.  high voltage would cause death. high voltage can be dangerous to human safety.  "when taking a bus, you never have to wait for a while.". the bus always runs at intervals. "for taking a bus we need to wait on bus-stop, and buses run with the time interval ,so we need to wait for it.". bus stops are an obvious indicator of waiting for a bus.  do not be careful when the machine is running because it is safe.  the machine is running at high speed and an accident may occur. you're more likely to get hurt when the machine is running.  most machines are dangerous when on.  rock and roll isn't a kind of music.  "music is divided into many kinds, including rock music". rock and roll is a well known music genre.  rock and roll is a type of musical genre.  do not keep quiet in class. don't talk in class is a sign of keeping discipline. "if it's a class i should be listening, not talking.". you should keep quiet and listen in class. "if you have homework, don't do it on time so that the teacher won't blame you.". finish your homework in time for the new class and the teacher won't blame you. you will get in  trouble if you don't do your homework on time. a teacher will punish a student if he does not do homework on time.  "if you have an appointment with someone else, you mustn't be punctual.". "punctuality is one of the best virtues, people trust each other when they are punctual". it is rude to not show up on time. people expect other to be punctual for appointments.  running can not strengthen the body. "running can quickly improve the function of the human body, strengthen the body". running is exercise and is good for strengthening your body.  running builds the strength of certain muscles.  long-time exposure to the sun will not tan. the ultraviolet rays in the sun can tan your skin. tanning is from being in the sun. tan or darkening of skin results due to long time exposure to the sun.  "if you have any questions, you must not remember to ask the teacher.". "if you have any questions, ask the teacher. the teacher can answer your questions". "if you don't know the answer, your teacher will.". you need to remember if you want to ask. "if you want to realize your ideal, you must not take action.". "put your thoughts into action. otherwise, your thoughts are just thoughts". taking no action will not allow to acheive your goals or ideal. procrastination doesn't lead to growth. do not wash your hands before eating. "hands are germy, so wash your hands before eating". you need to clean your hands before eating.  hands harbor a lot of microbes including pathogenic. dogs and cats are the same species. "dogs belong to the canidae, while cats belong to the cats". catdog was a cartoon. dogs and cats can't breed together. corgi is a rabbit. "corgi is a kind of small dog, not a rabbit". corgi is a member of the canine family. "a corgi is a dog, not a rabbit.". we must cover cotton quilt in summer. we need to cover cotton quilt when weather is cold. cotton quilt covers only in winter. it's too warm in the summer for a cotton quilt.  peanuts are not edible. peanuts are a common food. don't drink peanuts. peanuts are used for a lot of foods.  the language of american tv shows is usually chinese. "americans speak english so the general language used in american tv shows in english, not chinese". americans speak english.  english is the national language of the united states.  you must n wash your hands before eating. washing hands before meals can prevent bacteria from entering the body. hygiene before meals is paramount not to ingest harmful bacteria. washing your hand before eating can prevent germs.  apples are usually spicy. "generally, apples are sweet or sour, but definitely not spicy". apples have never been described as spicy.  apples have no spices in them which would make them spicy.  three-month-old babies can speak already. babies begin to learn to speak slowly when they are about one year old. a baby starts speaking after 6-9 months. three month baby can just turn their heads and able to speak after an year. there is a tornado so all the citizens stay outdoors. staying outdoors when there is a tornado is not safe. citizens should stay inside during a tornado. citizens know to stay indoors during a tornado.  asians generally have black skins. "black skin is more common among africans, not asians". "asians aren't usually black, they're lighter.". asians generally have yellow skins. the seawater is sour. "seawater is rich in salt so it is salty, not sour". seawater is known for it's saltiness not being sour.  "seawater is made of salt, and is therefore salty.". air conditioners don't need electricity to work. air conditioning is a kind of electric appliance so it needs electricity to work. without electricity it doesn't have power. air conditioners are electric appliances.  lily turns in her homework in time every day so she is disliked by teachers. "generally, teachers like students who turn in homework in time". teachers like it when students turn in the work every day.  teachers will not dislike a pupil who submits homework in time every day.  swallows cannot fly. swallows have wings and can fly. swallow are bird with highly adapted for aerial feeding. "most birds can fly, including swallows.". gardenias are smelly. the fragrance of gardenia is very pleasing. gardenias don't smell bad. "the work ""smelly"" refers to a bad odor, gardenias are generally considered to have pleasant smell.". moss usually grows in a dry environment. moss grows in damp conditions. moss is wet. "moss only proliferates with moisture, without moisture it dies". steamed bread is not edible. steamed bread is a common food. bread is edible. "steamed bread is a kind of bread made from wheat and it is prepared by using steam ,so no harm in eating it.". fish can also live in the forest. fish is a kind of aquatic animal so they need water to live. fish cannot breathe in the forest.  "fish must live in a body of water, forests do not always contain any body of water that would support fish.". the yellow river is in brazil. the yellow river is china's mother river. the yellow river is in a different country. there isn't a yellow river in brazil. he used to drink diesel every morning. people can't drink diesel. a human being would not drink diesel at all as it would be poisonous to consume.  diesel isn't consumable by humans. humans have tails. the tail has degenerated in human evolution. "humans never have tails, only animals do.". there is no evidence of any human ever having a tail. he drove into the train station to refuel. the train station is not a place for people to refuel their cars. train stations don't have fuel. he can't refuel his car at a train station. 8-year-old tom can drive the plane already. driving the plane is difficult and 8-year-olds can't be able to master the skills required. "eight year old children cannot drive a car, nor a plane, it is illegal to drive that young.". an 8-year-old cannot pilot a plane.  mint can confuse the mind. mint has a special aroma which makes one's mind clear. a simple plant is not capable to confuse my mind.  mint does not cause confusion. the ripe wheat is green. ripe wheat contains a large amount of lutein so it is usually golden. "wheat is golden when it is ripe, not green.". "when wheat ripens, it turns gold. green wheat is not ripe.". he refueled his bike. bikes do not need to be refueled. bikes do not need fuel. what is replenished is car. apples can only be read. "apples can be red, green or yellow". reading is a method of deciphering writing. there are no words on apples.  roses are only red. "the roses can have red, white, pink and yellow colors". there are many colors of roses.  roses come in a variety of colours. mice eat cats. cats are too big for mice to eat. mice are smaller than cats and therefore cannot eat them.  cats are bigger than mice. the lotus grows in the soil.  the lotus is a kind of aquatic plant so it grows in the water. the lotus is only a water plant. lotus' are known for growing in water.  cheese is a kind of soy product.  "cheese is made from milk, not soy.". soy products are not cheese.  cheese is not made from soy. air can't help combustion.  "air contains oxygen, which can help combustion.". air is meant to help combustion.  combustion cannot happen without air.  wood can't burn.  wood is flammable. wood or wooden things have the property to burn and then they turns into ash after burning.  "wood's nature is to burn at any cost, so this statement is nonsensical". car exhaust has no adverse effect on the atmosphere.  car exhaust has a variety of harmful gases. common knowledge that car exhaust impacts pollution. car exhaust releases toxic fumes into the atmosphere.  the altitude of the plateau is very low.  plateaus have high altitudes. plateau is an area of highland. plateau in and of itself means an eleveated position.  the kangaroo's tail is useless. the kangaroo's tail can help it to be balanced. kangaroo tails have many uses. the kangaroo uses its tail for many things.  cats have no sex. cats can be divided into male and female cats so cats have sex. there are male and female cats who reproduce by having sex.  cats reproduce so they do have sex.  mobile phone can not make phone calls. mobile phone has a calling function. phones make calls.  mobile phones are made to receive/make calls from any location with a signal.  confucianism is an important part of american culture. confucianism is originated in china. confucianism didn't occur in america. "as an american, i've never heard of confucianism.". water can't be boiled in any condition. water can be boiled when it reaches its boiling point. water boils at temperatures above 100 ?c. water can be boiled in many ways.  pure water is gas. pure water is transparent liquid. gas is not water.  pure water is a liquid. grapes grow on trees. "grapes do not have trees, only vines". grapes are only found growing from vines.  grapes are a vine that grows generally up a trellis.  there can't be fish in the river. water is the growth environment of fish. fish live in rivers. fish swim in rivers.  wine is made from bananas. the raw material of wine is grapes. bananas do not produce wine.  wine is made from grapes. the winter temperature in the north is very high. the winter in the north is usually cold and the temperature is usually low. winter temperatures in the northern hemisphere are colder than they are in summer.  northern countries are the coldest in winter. nails never grow. the root of the nail will constantly produce new cells so the nail will grow. every person's nails grow as evidenced by the routine maintence of them we all do.  nails do grow from fingers and toes. milk is bad for health. milk is rich in nutrients and good for health. milk provides calcium and vd. milk contains healthy vitamins and minerals.  alcohol can not disinfect. alcohol can kill bacteria. alcohol is a wonderful disinfectant.  alcohol contains chemical compounds that are capable of disinfecting.  bulls can conceive. bulls have no uterus and can't conceive. bulls are males and cannot conceive.  bulls are typically of the male sex and therefore would not be able to become pregnant.  "the closer your eyes are to the screen, the better". eyes being too close to the tv screen can affect vision. eye strain can be caused by sitting to close to a screen.  vision is negatively affected the closer you get to a screen.  the moon can produce light. the light of the moon is the result of reflecting sunlight. moon reflects light. the moon only appears in the dark.  people sweat when they are cold. sweating is a way for human bodies to lose heat. cold people do not produce sweat.  sweat is produced to help the body from overheating when it's hot.  rubber never hardens. rubber will harden when it ages over time. rubber can harden as time goes on. if i freeze the rubber it will harden.  it's more comfortable to sit in a chair without a back. a chair with a back can relax the back. one cannot relax on a chair without a back.  chairs with a back are comfortable.  there's never a spark when you take your sweater off in winter. "in dry winter, friction between synthetic fabrics can spark static electricity". sparks can happen when you take off your sweater in winter.  when you take your sweater off in winter there are sparks generated easily. people feel strong when they catch a cold. cold affects the body's immune system and makes people weak. when people are sick with a cold they need to rest because their immune system has been weakened.  a cold causes weakness in the body.  she uses the trash bin to cook. trash bins are too unsanitary to cook. "dirty trash bin is used only to put waste, it will be disgusting to cook.". you need an oven to cook. there are more mosquitoes in the day than at night. mosquitoes are nocturnal. mosquitoes don't survive in day light.  mosquitoes are more likely to be seen at night.  snow is red. "snow is usually white, not red". "snow is not naturally red, it is white.". the snow can only be red if it is painted.  open the wall when you get up in the morning. wall cannot be opened. "a wall is a structure that defines an area, carries windows and doors hence doors and windows can be opened but wall cannot.". a wall is solid and cannot be opened like a door or window.  human blood is green. human blood contains a large number of red blood cells so it is red. the color of human blood is incorrect.  every human on earth has red blood.  wintersweet blossoms in summer. wintersweet usually blossoms in a low temperature. wintersweet does not blossom in summer.  each season offers its specific flower. bamboo is solid. the hollow trunk is the characteristic of bamboo. bamboo is not a solid material.  bamboo doesn't have anything in the middle of it. doors can be opened without the key when they are locked. you can only unlock the locked door with a key. "doors need a key to be unlocked, so they cant be opened without the key.". keys are made to open locked doors.  glue can't be used to stick things. glue is sticky and its function is to stick things. glue is used specifically to stick things to something else.  the entire purpose of glue is to stick things together.  pyramids are used for living. the pyramids are the tombs of ancient egyptian kings. people do not live in pyramids. i can live without a pyramid. get up early in the morning and open the window to block fresh air out. "opening the window will let fresh air in, not block it out". opening a window invites air in.  you open a window to let fresh air in. hot springs are icy. groundwater flows through hot magma and turns into hot water so the hot springs are hot. something that is hot cannot be icy.  icy is implying it's cold.  a towel can not dry the water on your body. towels have a certain degree of water absorption.  towels are made with the exclusive purpose of drying water.  towels are made to dry.  plastic does not change when exposed to sunlight. plastic ages and becomes brittle when exposed to sunlight. plastic is heated by sunlight. the quality of plastic changes when exposed to sunlight.  a building can float on water. a building is too heavy to float on water. most buildings are not made to float. buildings are too heavy to float.  the silk road was paved with silk. "silk is the primary commercial on the silk road, not the paving material". "the ""silk road"" is not to be taken as literal.". a road paved with silk would get dirty too quickly.  there are still living dinosaurs in the world. dinosaurs are extinct. alligators and crocodiles look like mini dinosaurs.  dinosaurs are extinct. cut apples don't change color when they expose in the air for a long time. open apples oxidize when exposed to air. this is wrong because oxygen triggers an enzyme in the exposed apple's flesh turning it yellow.  cut apples are know for turning brown after a short amount of time.  smoking has no effect on health. cigarettes contain a lot of harmful substances. "smoking causes damage to health, especially the respiratory tract". there is empirical data that points to smoking having adverse health effects on humans. owls have very stiff necks. an owl can turn its head around 270 degrees. owls are known for for rotating their necks.  owls can rotate their necks which woould be difficult if their necks were stiff. the largest area on earth is the land. oceans cover about 71 percent of the earth's surface area. the ocean covers the most area on the earth.  the earth is three-quarters water.  the tongue cannot taste. there are many taste buds on the tongue so it can taste. the tongue is known most for it's ability to taste.  the tongue has taste buds. honey peaches are not peaches. honey peaches is a kind of peaches. if it's name is peaches it should be peaches. all peaches are different types of peaches.  human appearance is only determined by their genes. human appearance is determined by both genes and the external environment. "make-up, plastic surgery are not genetic". people can have surgery to change appearances.  edible salt cannot be used for seasoning. salt adds saltiness to food so it can be used for seasoning. edible salt is fine for seasoning.  salt is often used for seasoning. sugar and salt taste the same. sugar tastes sweet and salty tastes salty. sugar is sweet and salt is not.  sweet and salty are different kinds of flavors. "when there is no water when thirsty, you can use oil instead.". oil is not drinkable. "oil cannot quench thirst like water, it does not hydrate". only water can quench our thirst.  glass must be transparent. some kinds of glass are not transparent. glass doesn't have to be transparent.  stained glass is not transparent. she uses a pen to cut papers. pens don't have the function of cutting papers. pens are not used for cutting papers.  "only scissors can cut, not pens.". aunt is a male. aunt is my father's sister which is a female. aunt is a woman who is my father's sister. an aunt is a woman.  a magnifying glass zooms out objects insight. the function of a magnifying glass is to magnify objects insight. the very nature of a magnifying glass is to magnify. "it zooms ""in"", not ""out""". a man has four legs. a man is an upright walking animal so he should have two legs. humans don't have four legs.  all men have two legs unless they had a malformation at birth.  eyelashes grow above the mouths. eyelashes grow at the front of the eyelid. hair above the mouth is a mustashe.  eyelashes grow above your eyes on your eyelids.  normal people can only see black and white. the retinas in normal eyes can distinguish between different colors. normal people do not have any vision problem. normal people see in color.  durian has no smell. durian has a unique smell which some people may find it annoying. durian is a fruit known for it's bad smell.  "durian is a fruit, and all fruits smell.". pandas are colorful on the outside. the panda's appearance is only black and white. "pandas posses camouflage property and it has only 2 colors black and white , but they are not really colorful.". pandas not a multicolor animal. seahorses live on the grassland. seahorses is marine life and lives in the sea. seahorses swims in the sea water.  horses live on the grassland. the body can only sweat through the tongue. sweat glands are distributed all over the surface of the skin. tongues don't have sweat glands. the tongue does not sweat. bitter melon has a smooth surface. bitter melon has many bumps on the surface. bitter melon has a rough surface.  "bitter melon having surface with ridges and triangular ""teath""". seedless watermelons have no fruit. all the watermelons have fruit. a watermelon is a fruit. watermelons are fruits.  birds can only fly. birds can both walk and fly. if birds could only fly they would die of exhaustion. birds can walk on their legs. squirrels have very small tails. squirrels have big tails to keep balance. squirrels have large tails for balance. squirrels have big bushy tails. leaves will not fall. the leaves contain abscisic acid which makes them fall. at some point leaves die and fall from a tree. leaves will fall because of gravity. snakes never shed their skins. shedding skins is a normal physiological phenomenon for snakes. snakes shed when they grow.  snakes have to shed their skin to grow. people never yawn. people yawn when they feel tired. yawning is a common symptom of having sleep and tiredness. people yawn when they're tired.  snakes walk on their feet. snakes have no feet. snakes don't have feet. snakes don't have feet.  people's hair will still be black when they get old. the melanin in hair decreases as the body ages.  most old people have white hair.  old people's hair always turns gray or white.  ostriches can fly. the wings of the ostrich are too weak to help them fly. "ostriches are too heavy and have small wings, so they cannot fly.". ostriches are water animals.  winter in antarctica is warmer than that in australia. winter in antarctica is the coldest. winter in australia is warmer than in antarctica. antarctica is the coldest place on earth.  every volcano erupts. extinct volcanoes are inactive. volcanoes by their nature are created through eruptions. volcanoes can be calm and still for many years and many never erupt.  a camel's hump is useless. a camel's hump stores a lot of fat. we can have a nice journey only with the help of hump.  its necessary because it stores fat for when food is scarce.  there are many green plants in the desert. the desert climate is dry and not conducive to plant growth. green plants need water of which there is little in a desert.  in the desert it's so dry that there can't grow any plants there. clouds will fall onto the ground. the water vapor that forms clouds is very light in mass.  clouds are not a solid.  clouds do not fall from the sky. clouds are solid. clouds are formed from water vapor. if clouds were solid they would fall out of the sky.  clouds are made up of water vapor. the tide of the sea never rises or falls. the seawater has the phenomenon of high tide and low tide. tides are meant to rise and fall.  the tide rises and falls every day. the sun is an iced ball. fusion of hydrogen atoms inside the sun produces a lot of heat. the sun brings warm and could burn. "the sun is a ball of fire, so does not contain ice.". the earth is a cube. the earth is an irregular oval sphere. "the earth is round, as confirmed by astronauts and astronomers". the earth is round.  fish cannot float or sink in water. fish can control their ups and downs through swim bladder. fish live in water. this is the means of transportation for fish. fish will jump out of the water before stock plunge. fish cannot be able to know when there will be a stock plunge. fish jump out of the water to catch their food. fish are seen jumping prior to rain. ostriches never stick their heads in the sand. ostriches often eat sand with their heads down to help with food digestion. ostriches are known for their funny characteristic of sticking their heads in the sand.  ostriches are known to stick their head in the sand. butterflies line up when flying. butterflies do not have the habit of lining up when flying. butterflies flight patterns are not lined up. if butterflies lined up when flying i would be rich. sugar can decay the spine. sugar can't directly contact the spine. spine doesn't contain any decaying objects.  the spine is not hear sugar when you eat it. water evaporates into vapor when the temperature goes down. the evaporation process of water requires a high temperature. water will freeze if temperatures go down. water cools down when the temprature is low. his obsession with sports brought him poor health. sports is good for health. sport is not normally bad for you.  sports keep you healthy. trees in metropolitan have become taller than ever. the increase in city size has no relation to the height of trees. "metropolitan areas are lined with streets and buildings, so the environment for growing trees is not optimal.". you can hardly see any trees in a metropolitan. he was fired because he succeeded in meeting the requirements of the company. meeting the company's requirements can't be a reason to dismiss employees. "if someone succeedes in a task given to him or her, he/she gets promoted". he was fired for failing to meet the company's requirements.  i turned up my collar against the fog to keep warm. fog filled the air and the collar can't stop it. i rotate up my collar against the wind to keep warm. turning up collar against the fog can not save us from the cold. this device is designed for the conversion of usable products into waste. converting usable products into waste is a waste of resources. an item that is a usable object is already in the form needed for it's purpose.  waste is something we are trying to reduce not create. squirrel will make a store of leaves for the winter. leaves don't bring enough nutrition to squirrels in winter. squirrels will store acorns for the winter months.  squirrel will make a store of nuts for the winter .because it does not eat leaves. babies often walk on the floor before they learn to crawl. the baby's development sequence is to crawl first and then walk. we learn to crawl before we learn to walk.  babies crawl before walking. he has put himself under undue strain and needs to exercise vigorously. vigorous exercise will only increase the burden on the body. vigerous exercise is strenuous. "if there is strain in our body, we must exercise carefully". he drunk a lot at the party so he is sober enough to drive us home. "it is difficult to stay sober after drinking a lot of, and driving is very dangerous at this time". "if people drink alcohol, they are not sober and it is dangerous if they drive.". one cannot be sober after getting drunk.  the little girl who forgot to bring a coat shivered in the warm. warm weather doesn't make one shiver. you don't shiver in the warm. because people do not shiver when it is warm.  the boat can provide against the flood. the boat is too small to stop the flood. flood destroys everything including boats.  boats can be useful to stay on the foul and not stall. he eats stale bread for breakfast every day. the taste and safety of stale bread have declined and can no longer be eaten. no one eats stale bread rather eat fresh bread. eating stale bread is unhealthy.  a veteran driver often gets lost. veteran drivers are very familiar with road conditions and will not get lost. veterans are not only people who get lost. a novice driver has less confidence behind the wheel.  the waiter brought us the drinks by a towel. the towel is too soft to hold the drink cup. "a drink should be placed on a sturdy, flat object when being transported from one area to another.". "towel is not for bringing drink, tray is.". "the boy, buying a book, was chased out by the shopkeeper". buying books will not be chased out by the shopkeeper. a shopkeeper does not chase his/her customer. "a shopkeeper wouldn't chase you for buying something,". patients with hypertension should increase the daily intake of salt. increasing the daily intake of salt will make hypertension more serious. iodine less salt can intake. salt is bad for hypertension.  it is a common truth that boys are smarter than girls. there is no evidence that boys must be smarter than girls. boys are not smarter than girls. boys are not smarter then girls.  my weight fluctuated wildly depending on how long my hair was. the length of hair has nothing to do with the fluctuation of body weight. long hair does not effect weight.  there is no connection between hair growth and gaining/losing weight.  dip your hair in to see how hot the water is. hair can't feel the temperature of the water. dip your face in to see how hot the water is. hair cannot feel the temperature.  rain will destroy forests. normal rainwater is not corrosive. rain helps forest. forests need rain to grow. power shortage poses a threat to many rare species on earth. "animals don't need electricity, and power shortage will not affect them". human activities and production only are affected by power shortage.  power shortages causes a big inconvenience to people.  he pushed hard on the acceleration pedal to avoid a collision. pushing on the acceleration pedal will speed up the car and can not avoid a collision. if you push on the accelerator you will go faster.  the vehicle is sure to collide if the acceleration pedal is pushed as the speed of the vehicle would increase.  he washed his car down with the garden rake. the rake is very sharp and cannot be used to clean the car. garden rake is not used for washing the car and it can damage the car.  garden rakes would scratch cars and don't spray water so you can't wash a car with one.  we took the children to the zoo to see the ships. the ship does not stop at the zoo. zoos are full of animals.  ships are not available in any zoo.  we collected shells on the lawn. there are no shells on the lawn. you find shells at the seaside.  "shells are found along shorelines, while lawns are known to have grass.". my mom bought the sofa at the electric power company. electricity companies don't sell sofas. an electric power company  does not sell sofa.  electric power company does not sell sofa departmental store does.  now many students must choose science subjects. "besides science, there are many subjects for students to choose from". "every subject has their own benifits, so one must a subject of his own interest". science subject is not necessary for many students to be chosen.  his father is a wealthy businessman so he always worries about the money. rich families have enough money and money is not a problem for them. a person from a wealthy family hardly worries about money. due to theft he worries about money. a gentle breeze destroyed the city. the breeze is not strong enough to destroy a city. a breeze isn't strong enough to destroy a city.  a gentle breeze isn't strong enough to destroy a city. they recalled the good days in the future together. the future has not happened and cannot be recalled. past memories only should be recalled. future is yet to come so it cannot be recalled.  there were so many people that i had to jump the queue for the toilets. it is immoral to jump the queue. one cannot jump the queue for any reason.  jumping queues is considered a bad habit and rather one can request for help at emergencies.  bad weather makes traffic jam better. bad weather will affect road conditions and will not make traffic jams better. weather storms slow down traffic.  traffic jam get  worse  in the bad weather not better.  "when eating fish, remove the fish meat". fish meat is edible and should not be removed. "if meat is removed from fish, nothing would be there to eat.". we eat the meat of a fish and remove the bones. salesmen always introduce the disadvantages of their products to customers. introducing the shortcomings of the product will make customers lose their desire to buy it. if disadvantages of products are discussed by salesmen they would be fired.  salwan always exaggerate how good their goods are. "this month's expenditure has exceeded the limit, so we can eat in the restaurant for the next time". eating in restaurants will cost more money. if you have overspent you have no money. when the expenditure has exceeded the limit one cannot eat in the restaurant due to financial constraints. it is easy to look for a needle in the haystack. "needle is too small for a haystack, so it is not easy to find it". "a needle is very similar to hay in regards to size, appearance, and weight.". haystack consist of large hays. "if your hands are dirty, you must wipe them with tissue". using tissue is not the only way to clean your hands. "if your hands are dirty, you need to wash them with soap and water.". there are several different items that one can use to clean dirty hands.  it's right to drink and drive. drunk driving is prone to cause accidents. driving while intoxicated has caused a lot of deadly accidents.  drink and drive can be the cause of accident and it can not be right.  woodpeckers can jump between trees. woodpeckers can fly between trees but can't jump. woodpeckers fly from one tree to another. "woodpeckers are birds, they fly not jump between trees.". it's summer and few flowers are in bloom. summer's temperature is good for flowering. spring into summer is prime time for flowers to bloom.  summer is a season when many flowers are in bloom. plum blossoms bloom in summer. winter temperatures are suitable for plum blossom. summer is not the season for plum blossoms.  summer is not the season for plum blossoms.  watermelon can't be eaten in summer. watermelons ripe in summer. watermelon refreshes the human body in summer. watermelon is delicious to eat in the summer.  rainbows usually appear in the evening. the natural conditions after rain favor rainbows. rainbows only come when it is raining.  rainbows can not be seen at night.  tomatoes taste good when they are stale. fresh vegetables usually taste better than stale vegetables. "stale tomatoes, or any kind of stale consumable for that matter, has less flavor then before.". tomatoes rot with time. cows eat meat. the cow's digestive system cannot digest meat. cows are herbivorous animals.  cows eat carnivores.  use the elevator when there is a fire. using the elevator when there is a fire is dangerous. you may become trapped in an elevator when there is a fire.  elevators do not work during fire.  she loves her father and wants to marry him. a father can't marry his daughter. you don't marry your father. no daughter wants to marry her own father.  "he is too happy to say ""hello"" to his teacher". being too happy is not a reason not to greet the teacher. "happiness is not responsible for not saying ""hello"" to anyone.". "if someone is happy, he can say ""hello"" to the others easily". you should go to school late. going to school early is a good quality of a student. going shool late is against the discipline. you  should go to school early because it is a desipilen.  it's right to run away when you do something wrong. people should be responsible for their own faults. society teaches us from infancy that owning up to our actions is the correct thing to do.  you have to face the concequences for your actions. the old man likes to go diving. diving is too dangerous for old men. diving is easy for young people. old men avoid any hard physical activity. we must smoke in public. smoking in public places is forbidden. smoking is injurious to health and it causes the cancer to people.  it is illegal to smoke in public. man can be born again. man only has one life. human lives once.  a man can only be born once. you must get success if you work hard. no one can be sure to succeed even they work really hard. working hard can get you success but its not compulsory. nobody is can be certain of success.  all mosquitoes suck blood. "only female mosquitoes can suck blood, but male mosquitoes can't". there are many different types of mosquito.  it is not necessary for mosquitoes to suck blood.  you can take other people's things without permission. it's impolite and illegal to take other people's things casually. things without permission is not a good habit and it causes problems between them. taking other's belongings without asking first is considered stealing.  eating lots of sugar can not make people fat. sugar has a lot of calories and makes people fat. every one gets fat by eating lots of sugar.  sugar causes fat if eaten excessively. pedestrians should not obey traffic regulations. failure to comply with traffic regulations may lead to traffic accidents. everybody has to obey traffic regulations.  it is dangerous if pedestrians do not follow traffic rules as they might get hurt.  same-sex cannot marry in this world.  same-sex marriage is legal in some countries.  reproduction process will be correct only to opposite genders to produce new generation. same sex marriages are newly becoming legalized in this world.  students can eat in class.  eating in class is a violation of classroom discipline.  "if students eat in class, tables and book would be stained.". students eat in a canyeen. family discord is good for children's growth.  family discord can cause physical and mental harm to children. family discord disrupts family and affects children.  children growth is depends on family happiness. i can make a snowman in summer.  there is no snow in the summer.  i can make a snowman in spring. snow is created only in winter.  we can see stars in the daytime.  "because of the strong sunlight, people can not see stats in the daytime". we can't see stars in the daytime.because they shine in night time only. we can see stars after the sun goes down and the city lights are low.  minors may marry.  underage is not old enough to marry.  minors are still under parents care and have poor judgement.  minors are under the age where they can legally get married.  a tadpole's mother is a tadpole.  frogs grow from tadpoles.  a tadpole cannot lay eggs to become a mother.  "tadpoles are infant frogs, an infant can not be a parent.". people carry umbrellas on windy days.  umbrellas are not usually used in windy weather.  "umbrellas are not used as protection from the wind, and the wind could cause them to fly out of a person's hands.". umbrellas are used for covering someone from rain.  typhoons often occur inland.  there is no sea inland and therefore no typhoon.  typhoons are very dangerous and happen out in the ocean.  typhoons often occur in desert areas. the moon can shine by itself.  only fixed stars shine and the moon is not a fixed star.  moon has no light of its own.  the moon requires the sun to shine as space is dark and the moon does not project light. people always sleep during the day.  people usually work during the day and rest at night.  people who work grave shifts sleep during the day.  people are awake during the day as the sun is out. stop at a yellow light when driving.  drive slowly at yellow lights but do not need to stop. yellow sign means get ready to go.  a yellow light signals to slow down.  knives are safe to small children.  "a knife may cut a child, so it is dangerous". as knives are sharp it is dangerous to children.  "knives are dangerous for adults who know how to use them, knives in the care of  children is definitely a hazard.". drama makes people feel scared. drama makes people feel happy but not scared. scaring acts are not performed in drama.  people will fear for horror movies due to the sound effects.  too much sugar is good for your teeth.  eating too much sugar can cause tooth decay.  "sugar attracts harmful bacteria that destroy the tooth's enamel, which can cause a cavity in the affected tooth". too much sugar is not good for teeth. we can have hair for breakfast.  hair is not food so you can't eat it.  hair is not a food item to eat.  no one can have or wants to have hair for breakfast.  birds are good at swimming.  "birds are good at flying, but fishes are good at swimming". birds are good at flying. birds are great at flying.  we see with our ears.  the ear is an organ for hearing.  ears can't see. we see with our eyes and hear with our ears.  you can drive after drinking.  driving after drinking is illegal behavior.  you are not able to steer stably after drinking. you can't drive after bathing. goldfish can blink.  goldfish don't have lower eyelids so they can't blink.  it is well known that goldfish can not blink.  goldfish don't have eyelids. the refrigerator is very light.  the refrigerator weighs a lot.  refrigerators are heavy.  refrigerators are large and made of heavy materials.  time can be turned back.  lost time is never found again.  time flow forward. time only goes forward.  money can buy everything.  money can't buy life.  there are things that are not monetary and things that can not be obtained with money.  not everything is for sale.  prosperity makes people grow.  good times make it hard to learn new things.  if you are prospering you wouldn't change. prosperity spoils people.  summer is too hot to wear a condole belt.  suspenders are summer clothes.  a condole belt can be easily worn in summer inspite of the heat.  a condole belt is a cloth to be worn in the summers. you can go to the drugstore to buy food.  the drugstore is the place where the medicine is sold.  drugstores don't sell food. drugstores sell drugsnot food. people play football on the basketball court.  a basketball court is a place where you play basketball.  you play football am a football pitch. "a football game requires a large, open field of at least 100 yards.". teachers like students with poor grades.  students with poor grades are usually disliked by teachers.  teachers prefer children with good grades.  students with poor grades are generally disliked. i can do my homework with chalk.  chalk is used to write board books.  i can finish my homework with chalk and a chalkboard.  chalk doesn't work on paper. tom made a lot of friends because he was very introverted.  introverts often have difficulty making many friends.  tom was very social and made a lot of friends.  introverted people find it hard to make friends. there are many clouds in the sea.  clouds only appear in the sky.  clouds do not form in the sea.  the clouds are all over the sea. i'm sad i got 100 on the english test.  usually people don't get upset when they get a full mark on a test.  "100 is a high score on a test, which is a good thing.". getting 100 score in any test makes everyone glad.  people must always read in the sun.  "reading in the sun can damage your eyes, and we have other types of lights for reading". it is not necessary to always read in the sun.  yup don't need the sun to read. i eat a lot of junk food every day for my health.  junk food is harmful to health.  junk food is bad for health. junk food is unhealthy. the doctor works at the police station.  doctors work in hospitals.  doctors work at a doctors surgery.  doctors work in hospitals.  "when we arrived at the railway station, the plane had flown away.". the plane is parked at the airport rather than at the railway station.  you find planes at the airport.  a plane would not be at a railway station.  "in order to protect the environment, people should drive more cars.". driving more often can cause environmental pollution.  if we want to protect the environment we should not drive more cars.  cars pollute the environment. whales are egg-laying animals.  whales are viviparous animals.  whales are  mammals and do not lay eggs but give birth the same as we do and other mammals.  whales are mammals and give live birth. dogs can eat chocolate.  dogs will die if they eat chocolate.  chocolate is poisonous to dogs.  chocolate is poisonous for dogs.  i can see the weather outside through the wall.  the wall is not transparent and cannot see through it.  a wall is a solid mass and can't be seem through.  you cannot see through walls. watermelons are cheap in winter.  "watermelons are less in winter, so they are usually more expensive.". watermelons are harvested in summer. mostly watermelons are available in summer.  the logging union went to the grassland to cut down trees.  there are no trees but grass on the grassland.  there are no trees in grassland. there are generally no trees in grasslands.  cars can run on rails.  "railways are for trains, not cars.". cars are designed to be driven on roads.  cars go on the road. cold is an incurable disease.  "cold is a small illness, and it's easy to treat.". the common cold is something everyone gets from time to time.  cold is very easily cured. playing basketball should wear slippers. wearing slippers can do great harm to your feet.  slippers are not fit for other than walking. "slipper are not suitable for sport, they wouldn't protect your feet.". examination results are not important to students.  "the criterion for testing students is the examination results, so it is very important.". when you take an exam passing is very important to you.  students future is based on examination results. human needs to recover his strength through exercise.  "the exercise is a serious drain on physical strength, but sleep helps us recover from it". exercise is depletes are energy.  "exercising would expend more energy, whereas recovery only happens by resting.". the human heart is always resting.  stopping heartbeat means death. "if the human heart rests, one will die.". the human heart is sometimes beating.  soldiers often need easy training.  soldiers need to go through hard times.  it takes a lot of training to be a soldier.  soilders are trained to be tough and resilient.  the sun still exists on cloudy days. "on cloudy days, dark clouds obscured the sun.". clouds will cover the sun.  the sun can be seen in a clear day. drinking too many drinks is good for your health.  additives in beverages can cause harm to the body. "there are many ingredient in all beverages, except water that can be harmful to different parts of your body.". drinks that contain alcohol can cause health problems so drinking too many could cause problems with your health.  coke is a fruit juice drink.  coke is not made from fruit juice.  coke contains soda and it is made up of pop. coke is not made from fruits.  people should conflict with each other.  people should live in peace and understand each other.  conflict leads to enemity. people shouldn't fight. you don't need to buy tickets when you take the train.  everyone needs to buy tickets when they take the train.  you need to buy a ticket to take the train.  "trains are a form of public transportation that cost money to operate, so payment is necessary for them to exist.". the duty of a doctor is to protect his family and his country.  it is the duty of soldiers to protect their homes and their country. "doctors, also known as physicians, are licensed health professionals who maintain and restore human health through the practice of medicine.". a doctor does not have any means to protect his country.  tides are an artificial behavior.  tides are related to the motion of celestial bodies and are a natural phenomenon.  tides are not man made occurances.  tides are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon which is a fundamental physical force and is not created by man.  everyone wants to be ugly.  beauty is what everyone pursues.  people doest like ugly and their not seeing their own  characters and they want beautiful faces to impress others.  no one wants to be ugly. wolf is a very gentle animal.  wolves are very aggressive and fierce.  wolves are wild animals. wolves are very dangerous animals.  petroleum is a renewable energy source. "oil is not renewable, so we need to protect the environment.". petroleum comes from oil and that is a limited resource.  petroleum is found only in small quantities and can be exhausted.  human beings usually sleep during the day and work at night.  most people live according to daily work and night rest routine.  "most humans do not work during night, we get tired when its dark". usually day is for working and night is for sleeping not vice a versa. dinosaurs are the ancestors of mankind. scientific research shows that monkeys are the ancestors of humans.  "dinosaurs were around before humans, but then went extinct.". dinosaurs do not have similiar features to a human. the amusement park is a good place to sleep.  "amusement parks are not suitable for sleeping, because it is too loud". amusement parks are noisy. the amusement park  does not have beds or sleep instalations. trees absorb nutrients by eating. trees have no mouths and cannot eat. trees don't have mouths. trees absorb their nutrients through the ground.  i squeezed the tomatoes on the bread.  "tomato is a fruit, not a liquid". a tomato is squeezed to make ketchup. tomato would be sliced. the invention of airplanes disrupted people's lives.  airplanes facilitate people's travel and life.  airplanes have allowed to travel across the world.  airplanes have helped people travel faster.  everyone should block ambulances. the law stipulates that everyone must give way to ambulances.  "if you block an ambulance, it won't be able to get through". blocking ambulances will make the patient die.  honey is the juice secreted by the queen bee.  the queen bee does not produce nectar.  the queen bee doesn't secret and unable to make honey. the queen bee doesn't secrete any juice.  diamond is made up of metal elements.  diamond is an allotrope of carbon. a diamond is a beautiful polished piece of carbon.  diamonds are made of carbon which is not a metal.  vegetables can provide people with plenty of fat.  there is no fat in vegetables.  vegetables do not have fats in them. vegetables do not contain fat.  the moon is always round.  "the moon waxes till it becomes full, and then wanes.". "when the moon is full, it's perfectly round.". the moon changes it's shape everyday. the territory of every country can be violated. the territory of a country is an integral part of the country.  "it is impossible to violate the territory of any country,". there would be war. "the universe has only one planet, that is earth.". our world is only a small part of the earth.  earth is one of the planets of the universe.  the universe is vast.  thieves steal people's arms. man's arms cannot be stolen. thieves need money for their life and they cannot use arms.  no thief steals a part of the body. music is a very bad sound.  music can bring people happiness. people like music and would not listen to it if it was bad.  music usually sounds nice and makes people happy. a scarf is only a decorative article.  the main function of a scarf is to protect us against the cold.  you wear a scarf to keep your neck warm.  scarf will help keep you warm. refrigerator accelerates food deterioration. low-temperature environment can prolong the shelf life of food. the coldness in refrigerator prevents bacterias eating food. food does not get deteriorated in the fridge due to the cold temperature.  man is the largest mammal in the world.  whales are mammals and larger than men. there are lots of mammals bigger than man. "men are mammals, but they are not the largest. whales are also mammals and much larger than men". rabbits are cold-blooded animals.  rabbit is a lovely warm-blooded animal.  rabbits are mammals and so warm blooded.  rabbits are warm blooded animals.  minors can buy cigarettes. the law prohibits minors from buying cigarettes. you have to be 21 years or older to buy cigarettes.  "since cigarette smoking is injurious to health, minors are not sold cigarettes". the gym is a good place to eat.  the gym is a place to play sports rather than eating. there are no eatables in a gym.  you do not eat at the gym. i like watermelon very much because it's very unpleasant.  people would hate unpleasant things rather than like them. no one likes unpleasant things. no one likes an unpleasant thing. "he is a selfish man, so he is very popular.". selfish people are disgusting.  by any way the people can get popular. "if a man is selfish, he/she is hated by everyone". i squeeze oil on bread for breakfast. oil is not meant for breakfast.  oil does not suitable for bread. oils are placed in engines not in countries unless it is olive oil. the steam engine is the most important record in human history.  the steam engine is not a record but an invention. there is no real way to determine the important record in human history.  steam engine is an old sort of engine and more things are more important in human history.  peter was five minutes late to catch the last bus.  peter was too late to catch the last bus.  if you are late then you have missed the bus.  peter missed the bus because he was late.  the poor are very rich.  the poor have no money.  poor is opposite to rich. "the poor have no money, so they are poor". basketball is one of my favorite instruments.  basketball is not an instrument. basketball is a sport.  basketball cannot play music.  we can go to the barbers for dinner.  you should go to a restaurant for dinner.  the barber does not serve food. you go to the barbers to get your hair cut and not to eat.  he likes to explore the sea on foot.  man cannot walk on the sea. he likes to sail the sea and explore.  the sea contains water or is not a solid and a person would go under water if he tried to walk on it.  sound can travel in a vacuum.  "sounds need a medium to transfer, but there is no such a medium in a vacuum". sound would be trapped in a vacuum.  sound cannot be travel without air.  the common people are the most powerful people in ancient times. the common people had no rights in ancient times.  coon people had no power in ancient  times. the common people were slaves in ancient times. mobile phones are a portable mean of transportation. mobile phones are not a means of transportation but for communication. mobile phones are mean of communication.  you are not able to ride or drive a mobile phone. crossing the road is very safe.  crossing the road is unsafe.  vehicles will go faster and it causes accident. "crossing a road has an inherent risk, such as a car being able to hit a person crossing it, and should not be considered ""very safe.""". everyone should have a quality of deception.  deception is not a quality that people will praise. its their wish. deception is a poor quality to have. a hat is only an ornament. a hat can protect us from being hurt by the sunlight. an ornament is a decoration items.  because hat is used for protecting not as an ornament. the ear is the organ to see. the ear is actually an auditory organ.  "ears are on the side of your head, this wouldn't be practical.". the ear is designed to hear.  friendship is an important food. friendship is not the name of a food. friendship cannot fill one's stomach.  friendship is not a food.  everyone's life habits are the same.  different people have different habits.  "habits differ from people to people, place to place and culture to culture and hence cannot be the same". everyone is an individual and has his own way of life. people need to wear short sleeves in winter to resist the cold.  short sleeves are very thin and cannot withstand the cold.  people need to bundle up and wear lots of layers to stay warm during winter.  short sleeves do not protect from cold.  different styles of dressing will give people the same feeling.  different styles of the dress look different.  what you wear reflects what your doing at the time.  styles of dress evoke different emotions in different people.  ships need to travel on land.  ships cannot travel on land. cars need to sail on the sea. ships float on water. a lot of alcohol is good for your health.  large amounts of alcohol can cause serious harm to the body.  because alcohol is bad for health. alcohol poses many health hazards.  drivers without a driver's license can drive on the road.  only those who obtain their licenses through legal channels can drive on the road.  people who don't have licences can not drive. driving without license is an offence.  emergency lanes can be occupied on expressways. emergency lanes should not be occupied on expressways.  "if you occupy an emergency lane, you may endanger life.". "emergency lanes are for emergencies only, you cannot occupy them". there are many plants in the desert.  the desert is very dry and there are very few plants.  "due to lack of water,few plants grow in the desert.". plants need water to grow.  you should run when you feel tired.  running can make people more tired.  running makes you more rired. run will make even more tired.  there are many dinosaurs in the school.  dinosaurs have long disappeared from the earth. dinosaurs are not found in schools. dinosaurs are extinct creatures.  shoes should be on the hanger. clothes hangers are used to put clothes.  we generally put cloths on the hanger. shoes would not go on a hanger.  people can pick strawberries from trees.  no tree can grow strawberries.  strawberries don't grow on trees. strawberries plants never become trees.  plastics are very hard.  plastics are very vulnerable. plastic is not hard because its not metal.  plastic is a soft material.  pigs can survive in the ocean.  "pigs can't breathe in the ocean, so they can not survive in the ocean". pigs can't swim very well and would die in the ocean.  pigs live on land. clothes can be used to make rings.  rings are made of diamonds bur not clothes. clothes and rings are unrelated in production.  rings are not made out of clothes.  people beings do not need to eat to get energy.  eating is an important way for human beings to get energy.  you eat to live. people can get energy by eating food only. tigers live in the ocean. the sea is not suitable for tigers.  tigers live on land. tigers don't like water.  i need to take a bath to alleviate hunger.  bathing does not increase energy for the body. there is no food in a bath. i need to eat a snack to alleviate the hunger.  buses need water to run.  buses cannot run with water. buses run on gasoline.  you cant light water on fire. makeup can make girls uglier. make-up will make girls more delicate. makeup enhances the beauty of girls.  makeup is used to enhance beauty. cars can travel in the sky. a car can't run in the sky.  cars cannot fly.  cars drive on the road.  the rabbit is very ferocious.  rabbits are not fierce.  rabbits are timid.  rabbits are timid animals. many people like to drink gasoline.  gasoline cannot be used for drinking. if you drank gasoline you would die.  drinking gasoline is bad for your health. piranha is a very gentle fish.  "piranha can even eat people, so they are ferocious". piranhas have powerful jaws and teeth and hence cannot be gentle.  piranhas are very dangerous and scary fish.  salt is the most common animal in life.  salt is not an animal's name but a condiment. "salt is a mineral, therefore not a living thing.". salt is a non-living thing.  cups can be used for eating. the cup is not edible.  eating is self done.hence cups cannot be used. the cups are inedible. the ocean is fit for human existence. man cannot live in the ocean. the ocean consist of water bodies. humans can not breathe underwater.  old skin becomes very smooth.  "the older a man is, the rougher his skin is.". old skin gets wrinkles. old skins do not get much blood supply and hence become rough.  drinking too much beer will give you an appetite. drinking too much beer only makes people vomit.  beer is a very filling beverage which can suppress a person's appetite.  drinking will make you full and you will loose your appetite. driving through the sidewalk should be accelerated. no acceleration through the sidewalk. pedestrians use the sidewalks to keep from walking in the streets.  driving close to a sidewalk should be cautionary.  there are many deserts in the arctic.  the arctic is full of ice but not sand.  the artist is a desert. there is a lot of snow and ice in the arctic.  "when you feel cold, you should cut down on clothes.". fewer clothes will make it colder. putting on more clothes will protect one from cold.  "when your feet are cold, put on warm socks.". there are many animals in the entertainment circle.  animals do not belong to entertainment circles. "while animals do play parts in the entertainment industry, they do not have their own clique in which they gather.". animals are not present in entertainment circle.  wool comes from shearers.  shearers do not produce wool. sheep are sheered to get the wool. "shearers are people, they have skin.". "this dress is very cheap, so i can't afford it.". "clothes are inexpensive, so i should be able to afford it.". if something is cheap you can afford it. anybody can buy a dress if it is cheap.  lemon tastes very sweet.  lemon is an acid fruit.  lemon tastes very sour.  lemon taste citrus are both sweet and sour due to the combination of sugar and citric acid in them.  the color of the sea is red.  "because of the reflection of the light, the sea is blue but not red". sea water is blue.  there are no natural bodies of water that are the color red.  heater can provide a low-temperature environment. heater can only provide heat but not low-temperature. it low the cold temperature and make it hot. a heater warms thing up. we can go swimming in the classroom. "there is no swimming pool in the classroom, so people can not learn swim". you can not swim in classroom.  classrooms are for studying.  many people like to make phone calls with bricks.  bricks can't be used to make phone calls. bricks are not phones to make phone calls. bricks are only for building houses.  she likes to travel by mobile phone.  mobile phones can only be used for communication. she likes to talk on her mobile phone.  mobile phones are not a form of transport and are very small.  you can shift the sun and let the sunshine in.  the sun cannot be transferred by people. "sun is too hot, big and far away to be shift by any common man.". there is no single force able to shift the sun. you should go to the cook when you are ill.  cook's job is cooking but not treat illness. a cook specializes in culinary arts.  "cooking does not help while your ill , going to doctor will". there are many little white rabbits floating in the sky.  little white rabbit looks like clouds but can't float in the sky. there are lots of rabbits hopping around the field.  rabbits cannot even fly and hence they cannot float in the sky.  we can eat food from books.  there is no food in the book.  there is no food in a book. we can learn anything from books.  gasoline can be used to put out fires.  gasoline will make the fire burn harder. gasoline would make a fire burn more. gasoline is flammable. internet cafe is a good place to learn. the environment of internet cafes is very noisy and unsuitable for learning.  it's not an educational establishment. people do not visit the internet cafe for the purpose of learning.  the fresh cake tastes terrible.  the fresh cake is sweet and delicious.  people like fresh cakes.  fresh cake always tastes good.  elephants are one of the most important human inventions.  elephants are not an invention but an animal. elephants are the animals which cannot be invented. "elephants are wild animals, not invented machines.". people can have fun in the company.  people should work in the company.  company is for working not for making fun.  company is a place of business; therefore work. dinosaurs still exist today.  dinosaurs died out long ago.  dinosaurs are extinct. dinosaurs only exist today documented in books and their bones in museums.  i have five legs.  humans have two legs.  "unless a person sustains an injury causing amputation, people only have one pair of legs.". no one have five legs.  i can heat food in the washing machine.  a washing machine is an electrical appliance for washing clothes.  washing machine is not made for producing heat.  food would get wet in the washing machine.  maple leaves are green in the autumn.  maple leaves change from green to red in autumn.  the colour of maple leaves turns red in autumn. maple leaves lack photosynthesis in autumn.  the duty of a soldier is to teach and educate.  it is the teachers' duty is to teach and educate.  the duty of a teacher is to teach and educate.  the duty of a soldier is to guard the country.  people can go into space by plane.  there is no air in space so the plane can't fly there.  a plane is not designed to go to space.  a plane is only designed to go to a certain altitude to travel within the earths atmosphere.  i wear sandals in winter.  winter is too cold to wear sandals.  wearing sandals in winter can get you with a very cold foot. close toed shoes are worn during the winter.  man walks on ten legs.  a man has only two legs.  man  has only two legs.  man needs 2 legs to walk. i called a fireman after she fainted. a fireman is not helpful when someone faints. fireman put out fires. a fireman's main objective is to put out fires.  penguins live in the air.  penguins can't fly.  penguins can't fly. penguins live on land and swim in the ocean.  all girls like handsome guys.  there are a lot of girls who don't care about looks.  "in this day in age, there are many people who are attracted to people who are the same gender.". everyone's preferences are different. i look shorter in high heels.  wearing high heels will increase height.  high heels increases one's height.  high heels make me look taller.  flies bite people.  files have no mouthparts to bite.  flies don't normally bite.  no one has experienced yet the bite of a fly.  students can cheat on exams.  cheating in the exam is forbidden in the course of the exam.  students can have eat in the exam. cheating would make exams pointless.  people can drive on the road without a license.  driving without a license is against the law.  "people driving without are license are dangerous, as they are not qualified.". you require a licence to drive. those who work hard are sure to succeed.  people who work hard just have a high chance of success.  hard work isn't always rewarded. there are other factors besides hard work that contribute to success.  all people use the right hands to write.  some people use left hands to write.  people vary with which hand is their dominant writing hand.  some people use the left hands to write. music can make people nervous.  "generally speaking, music is relaxing rather than stressful.". music calms people making them relax. music is like therapy it can feel on relaxed. the sun falls in the east.  the sun falls in the west.  the only place the sun will ever set is in the west.  the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.  we can see animals in the botanical garden.  there is no animal in the botanical garden.  botanical garden is not for animals. botanical garden consists only of flowers and plants.  you can lose weight by eating junk food.  junk food can make you gain weight rather than lose weight.  because of eating junk food only we can do excersise to loss weight. eating junk food increases the weight. i can play computer games in the cinema.  cinemas are only for watching movies.  there are no computers in the cinema.  "a cinema is for showing movies, you can play computer games in the arcade". humans can fly.  humans don't have wings.  "humans are creatures of land, they can walk and swim.". humans cannot fly.  "the more you play, the better your grades will be.". playing is not good for you to improve grades.  one cannot get good grades after playing too much.  if you don't put in the work the poorer your grades will be.  the mirage can only appear in the desert.  mirages sometimes appear over the sea.  only in desseet we can see at all time. a mirage is often seen in a desert.  playing computer games for a long time is good for health.  playing computer games for a long time will make your eyesight worse.  it is thought that playing computer games for a long time can damage health.  playing computer games for long time damages the brain.  fish can live without water.  fish breathe in the water and they will die without water.  fish are not air breathers. fish don't have lungs.  i'm hearing the book.  book is not sound and can't be heard.  i'm reading a book.  books cannot speak outloud.  eating breakfast is bad for health.  eating breakfast helps us keep healthy.  breakfast is the most important meal of the day.  breakfast starts kick the metabolism and it gives energy throughout the day and it is essential to eat.  junk food is good for our body.  junk food will make the body fat and cause diseases.  junk food makes you fat. junk food is unhealthy. writing papers is a great way to relax.  writing papers is usually a stressful thing.  sleeping is a great way to relax.  "writing papers is a common, yet challenging homework assignment.". men can give birth to children.  men don't have the organs to give birth.  women give birth to children.  no male human in this world can give birth to children.  the electric light is a great discovery.  the electric light is a new thing that is invented by human.  "new concepts and theories are classified as discoveries, whereas something like the electric light is an object that was created as a result.". someone created electricity or invented it. frogs cannot live on land.  frogs are amphibians that can live on land and water.  "the frog habitats are in the water, only on land would they not survive". frogs live in a variety of environments from mountains and forests to ponds and lakes.  the coffee tastes too weak for her so she asks for some milk. adding milk to coffee cannot make it stronger. milk is used to sweeten the taste of strong coffee.  coffee taste better. we can't take an umbrella on a sunny day.  we can protect our umbrellas against ultraviolet rays on sunny days.  umbrellas can protect us from scorching sun.  you take an umbrella incase it rains or to shield you from the sun.  i can fly to school.  humans can't fly.  people can't fly. it would not be practical to fly to school.  fishermen can catch sharks in the river.  sharks live in the sea instead of rivers.  fishermen catch fish in the river.  fishermen can't catch sharks in the river because river water is flowing water but sea water not like that. potatoes grow on trees.  potatoes grow in the field.  potatoes grow under the soil. potatoes grow underground. mobile phones cannot be used to take a video.  mobile phones have a camera that can take a video.  mobile phones can record and create videos.  mobile phones have a built in camera.  men can't stay long hair.  men have the freedom to stay long hair.  most men feel long hair is for women.  men usually have shorter hair.  tim always goes to the same gym for breakfast. gym does not offer breakfast. a gym is used to workout your body  and doesn't provide food. tim's routine includes going to the gym and then eating breakfast.  having a special skill is not important for new graduates.  a special skill can help you stand out from other interviewees.  new graduates must compete for jobs and they need speical talents to make them stand out.  new graduates are excited to start using their newly learned skills.  mobile phones don't need to be recharged. "if the mobile phone is not charged in time, there will be no energy to continue running.". mobile phones use batteries that need to be recharged.  mobile phones have batteries that go flat. people don't need to categorize everything out after you use it.  categorize things so that you can find them quickly next time you use them.  things need to be categorized after they are used. keeping order makes life easier.  young workers are not usually neglected in the workplace.  young workers usually lack work experience and decisiveness.  young workers in the workplace are out of sight out of mind.  young workers don't know their rights and can be neglected in the workplace. . people are not anxious when they go to strange surroundings.  people may be unable to adapt to the strange surroundings.  people do not feel comfortable in strange surroundings.  people are concerned when they go to strange surroundings. "when it rains, you shouldn't take an umbrella.". "if you don't take an umbrella, you'll get wet and catch a cold.". an brella keeps you dry. umbrella can protect anyone from rain and people should take it.  excessive obesity is good for your health.  "excessive obese people are at risk for type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, and heart disease.". obesity kills people. obesity is the disorder which is due to excess calories.hence it is not good for health. excessive thin is good for your health. excessive thin will be prone to osteoporosis and fracture.  being to slim can kill you. being to thin damages your health just as being to fat.  "if you don't understand, you should not ask questions.". asking questions others can help you understand the problem from another angle.  asking questions is how you understand. you need to ask question to have what you don't understand explained.  people's thoughts shouldn't be updated from time to time. those whose thoughts are not be updated from time to time will eventually be eliminated by the times and fail to achieve great things.  change is an important part of everyone's life.  as we gain more knowledge are views change.  playing chess is bad for people.  playing chess can train people's thinking and coping abilities.  playing chess will sharpen the brain and is not bad. playing chess is challenging.  managers usually have no strong abilities.  managers have many opportunities to exercise their ability to handle things.  manager are paid more than works and must have special skills.  able managers need to posses multiple skills.  family environment is not important for children.  good family environment can make children more confident and talkative in interpersonal communication.  children thrive with happy home environments.  a healthy family environment is absolutely crucial for the nurtured development of children.  peeling doesn't need to be done before eating fruit.  there are many harmful chemical residues on the skin of the fruit.  peeling should be done before drinks.  one should peel the fruits before eating. lions like to eat grass.  lions are carnivores and do not eat grass.  lions are carnivores.  lions are non-veg animals.  english teachers are good at teaching arithmetic.  english teachers are good at teaching english.  english teachers are good at teaching language.  english teachers are mainly good at teaching english. man can fly by wings.  man cannot fly because he has no wings.  man does not have wings.  man cannot grow wings and cannot fly without the help of technology such as helicopter or airplane.  he wants to go to the supermarket to buy a pet.  supermarkets don't sell pets.  supermarkets do not sell pets.  pets are not sold in supermarkets.  i work 30 hours a day.  there are only 24 hours in a day.  a day consist of 24 hours only.  30 hours is more than a day and no one can work more than 15 hours continuously.  rabbits can imitate human speech.  rabbits have no ability to imitate human speech.  rabbits can't talk. parrots can mimic what people say.  people can learn to drive in primary schools.  normal schools don't teach people to drive.  no one can teach driving in primary school.  people are to young to learn to drive in primary school. man can be reborn.  there is only one life.  no one can reborn in this world.  rebirth of men is a superstition.  we turn on the air conditioner to cool off in winter.  it's cold in winter so you don't need to turn on the air conditioner to cool off.  "the winter is already cold, so air conditioning is unnecessary.". in the winter we need to heat up not cool off. dogs are ferocious animals.  cats are gentle animals generally.  dog is a pet animal. so it cannot be ferocious. dogs are very friendly and loving creatures. i can watch the moon rise in the early morning. "in the early morning, the sun rises and the moon falls". the moon rises at night so you can't watch it rise in the morning.  "the sun rises in the morning, the moon comes out at night.". a car has two wheels.  a car has four wheels.  a car has 4 wheels. it would not be a car if it only had 2 wheels.  people eat with their eyes.  people look at things with their eyes.  mouth is for eating not eyes. "people eat with their mouths, and see with their eyes.". children like to take medicine.  children usually don't like taking medicine.  medicine doesn't usually taste good to children.  child like to eat sugar thats why medicines are always sugar coated. the patients live in an amusement park.  an amusement park is a place for people to play.  amusement park is not a hospital. patients do not go to amusement parks.  automobile is an environmentally friendly means of transportation.  automobile exhaust will cause environmental pollution.  automobiles cause a great deal of pollution.  automobile creates smoke. people are comfortable when they are ill.  being ill is an unpleasant experience and no one will feel comfortable when ill.  "when people fall ill,they become restless.". "being ill or sick is accompanied by many bad and uncomfortable feelings, such as runny nose, coughing, vomiting.". students can cheat in exams.  cheating in examinations is a violation of examination discipline.  cheating on exams is morally wrong.  if students cheat in exams they will be caught and it will affect their future very badly.  the table can bring us light.  the table doesn't shine.  "a table cannot produce light, but the sun can.". the table has no power to give light.  he eats breakfast in the evening.  evening is dinner time.  the evening food is called tiffin or snacks and not breakfast.  "breakfast kick-starts your metabolism, helping you burn calories throughout the day and want to eat in the morning.". i saw clouds floating in the sea.  "clouds do not appear in the sea, but in the sky.". clouds always appear in the sky.  reflection of the sky may view in the sea. we need to wear cotton jackets in summer.  "it's very hot in the summer, so there's no need to wear a cotton jacket.". summer weather is normally very hot and humid.  cotton jackets make warm to our body. the air people breathe in is carbon dioxide.  people breathe out carbon dioxide.  people exhale carbon dioxide. carbon dioxide is what people spit out. people need to sit and walk.  people can't walk while sitting.  people cannot walk when they sit.  people need to watch in front of them as they walk.  i wear my clothes on my feet.  clothes should be worn on the body.  feet is a place where we cannot wear clothes.  clothing is worn on the body not the feet.  i keep the food in the microwave oven.  microwave ovens are electrical appliances for heating food.  microwaves cook food. microwave oven heats up the food.  eating too much for supper is good for health.  eating too much supper can cause a burden on the stomach.  eating too much for dinner can give you a stomach ache and lead to health problems.  eating too much supper leads to obesity.  man and monkey can communicate through language.  monkeys can't understand human language and talk.  monkeys cannot understand the human language like we can.  man and monkey has different language.  mobile phones can be used when they are out of power.  mobile phones won't work when they are out of power.  mobile phones can be used when they are out of station.  "without power, mobile phones are completely nonoperational.". butterflies can make honey.  butterflies have no ability to make honey.  butterflies don't have organs that can make honey. butterflies don't make honey. there are dragons in real life.  dragon is a virtual image.  there aren't any reports than anyone have seen dragons in reality. dragons are imaginative animals.  i can see bacteria with the naked eyes.  bacteria are very small and hard to see by eyes alone.  bacteria is miniscule and can't be seem by the naked eye.  you can see bacteria through a microscope.  i can see myself on the wall.  the walls do not reflect light.  wall is incapable of reflecting.  a wall doesn't reflect. it's hot to have long hair in the winter.  it's cold in winter so long hair won't get hot.  long hair in winter will keep you warmer. it's cool to have long hair in winter. he lit his cigarette with wood.  wood cannot light the cigarette.  wood is not naturally hot enough to be able to light a cigarette on fire.  a wood is not used as to produce fire. cancer is easy to cure.  cancer is a very difficult disease to cure.  the cure to cancer is compliceted process. cancer is a very serious disease that's difficult to cure.  waste batteries are good for the environment.  waste batteries can cause environmental pollution.  waste batteries are damaging to the environment.  waste batteries must be diposed or recycled as it harms the environment. people build houses in the air.  the air is not enough to support a house.  a house needs to be formed on a sturdy and solid foundation.  houses are built on the ground so people can enter and exit them easily. all cars burn oil.  "electric cars are powered by electricity, not oil.". most cars operate on gasoline.  not all cars burn in oil.many cars burn in gasoline also. we feed turtles with dog food.  turtles don't eat dog food.  dog food is for dogs. dog food is for dogs not for turtles. the woman applies facial cream on her mouth.  facial cream is usually applied to the face.  face cream isn't for the mouth. facial cream is applied on face. three-year-old children can drink wine.  alcohol in the wine is a dangerous substance for three-year-olds.  three year old children are below the legal age to drink alcohol and wine contains alcohol.  wine is not advisable for three year old kids.  people enjoy the cool under the street lamp.  there is no shade under the street lamp.  a lamp doesn't cast a shadow. because street lamps provide light but do not provide shade to make the temperature cool.  players play football with their hands.  people play football with their feet. football is played with legs.  "as the name says foot and ball, not hands and ball". people can take the subway in the air.  subways are built underground.  subways are always underground not in the air.  subways are not built in the air.  no internet makes people's life more convenient.  no internet makes people's lives very troublesome.  internet helps people do a lot of things. the internet has meant we now have 24/7 access.  man can live without air.  man will perish without air.  "without oxygen that air provides, one would die.". no one can live without air. cutting down more trees is beneficial to wind protection and sand fixation.  cutting down more trees will accelerate desertification.  to protect and maintain the wind and the level of oxigen we must plant more and more trees. trees provide shelter form wind and roots fix soil il. bananas are sour.  bananas are usually sweet.  banana are sweet. bananas are sweet.  people go to the park to buy vegetables.  the park is not a place to sell vegetables.  there is no shop at parks.  vegetables are not for sale in a park.  the leaves are yellow in summer.  leaves turn yellow in autumn.  the leaves are brown in summer.  the leaves are yellow in the autumn.  the fruit ripens in spring.  "spring is the season for sowing, not ripening.". the fruits starts growing in spring. fruit only ripens in the autumn. people can see things clearly in the distance with their naked eyes.  it's difficult to see things clearly in the distance by naked eyes alone.  a naked eye can see things only upto certain distance.  people use telescopes to see things too far away for our naked eye to see.  children like to eat paper.  paper cannot be eaten.  children should not eat paper its not a food.  paper is not an edible thing.  books can quench thirst.  books cannot be drunk.  books are not used to quenching the thirst.  books are made of paper and paper does not quench thirst.  fish can leave the water.  fish die when they leave the water.  fish breathe through gills instead of lungs.  water is most important for fish's life.  the tortoise runs very fast.  the tortoise moves very slowly.  a tortoise is very slow.  tortoises are among some of the slowest moving animals in the world.  students cook at school.  "school is a place for students to study, not cook.". cooking is not allowed in school.  school is for studying not for cooking. the sun rises at night.  the sun sets at night.  the sun is not visible at night. the sub always rises in the morning.  the ice will freeze when the sun shines on it.  the temperature will rise when the sun shines and the ice will melt when the temperature rises.  the ice is already in freezing state and sun rays makes it hotter. its the nature of ice. i can pick apples from the pear tree.  there are no apples on the pear tree.  pears grow on pear trees.  apples don't grow on pear trees. ice is hot.  ice is cold.  ice is always cold. ice is cool not hot. you can talk freely in class.  speaking freely in class violates classroom discipline.  "discipline has to be followed in class, so there has to be less talking.". if anyone talks freely in class he will face punishment and will be sent out of the class.  people can live without water.  water is the source of human life.  water is essential for people to live.  water is the necessity for people to live.  people can cross the road at will.  crossing the road at will is a very dangerous act.  "if one crosses the road at will , it would cause an accident.". crossing the road at will can cost one's life. a pair of high heels would help when you climb a mountain.  wearing high heels when climbing is both uncomfortable and dangerous. legs would slip if high heels are worn to climb mountains.  high heels have no grip. children can play with fire freely.  playing with fire is dangerous for children.  fire burns. playing freely with fire will cause hazardous accidents.  fighting is a good behavior.  fighting can cause psychological and physical harm to others.  fighting is usually a negative result of inappropriate actions or statements.  fighting creates violence. raw water can be drunk.  raw water contains bacteria so it cannot be drunk.  water is pure and good for you.  raw water has elements in it that can be harmful to people.  the moon appears in the daytime.  the moon appears at night.  the moon is a star that comes out at night.  no one sees the moon in the daytime.  chicken is a kind of fruit.  "chicken is a kind of poultry, not fruit.". chicken is an animal. a chicken is a bird.  wind can easily blow the house up.  the house is usually too heavy to be blown up by wind.  wind is felt and not comprised of physical shape nor physical constructs such as explosives.  house is a heavy object and can not be blown by wind easily. they caught a fish in the forest.  there are no fish in the forest.  fish cannot live in the forest.  fishes do not live in forest.  all the grass is inedible.  some grass can be eaten as a vegetable.  grass are suitable for eating. grass is eaten by animals.  the street lamp comes on when it is bright. there is no need for street lamps when it is bright. the light only comes on when it is dark outside.  a lamp is not necessary with light already available.  he is a farmer and good at cultivating students. "it is a farmer's job to cultivate crops, not students". cultivating is an action that is done to the earth's soil to prepare for planting.  farmers don't farm students.  they went camping and lived in five-star hotels.  "the meaning of camping is to live in tents, not hotels.". five star hotels are not found in camping areas.  they went camping and lived in platform.  we go to the restaurant to see a doctor.  restaurants are places to eat.  doctors don't work in restaurant.  doctors do not work in restaurants.  the sun rises in the west.  the sun rises in the east.  the sun rises in the east. the sun does not appear to rise in the west.  eating more sugar regularly is good for your teeth.  eating more sugar can cause tooth decay.  no one gets good results for their teeth by taking more sugar.  eating too much sugar can lead to diabetes. playing more computer games can improve academic performance.  playing more computer games will decrease your academic performance.  playing more computer games can lowers academic performance. working hard can improve academic performence better then computer games.  drinking coffee helps children grow taller. coffee doesn't contain the nutrients that make you grow taller. there are no ingredients in coffee that would promote growth.  coffee is bad for children.  people can change their destinies by seeking pleasure.  greed for pleasure ruins one's destiny.  seeking pleasure does not change anything. pleasure can never change the destiny of a person.  teachers like dishonest children.  dishonesty is a bad quality that nobody likes.  dishonest children are bad ones.  dishonest children are dislikable. we can make a lot of noise in the library.  noise is not allowed in the library.  "library is for reading and studying , quit place , so making noise in library is not allowed". the library is a quiet place because people are reading.  we can smoke in public.  smoking in public is prohibited.  smoking is banned in many places.  smoking in public is punishable.  children can receive knowledge only from their teachers.  teachers are not the only source where children can receive knowledge.  "children gain knowledge from their teacher and also from the surroundings , parents.". teachers are important in providing some guidance in a child's life.  bats go out to hunt during the day.  bats sleep during the day.  no one see the bats during the day.  bat's are nocturnal. i can play badminton alone.  badminton is a sport that requires two talents.  two people are necessary to play badminton.  you need two or more people to play badminton.  there is plenty of water in a desert. desert is a place extremely lack of water.  in desert water will dry due to high  temperature.  deserts are very dry and have little water sources.  all koreans like pickles.  there may be some koreans who don't like pickles.  "if membres of the same race like the same stuff wouldn't that make them identical, which is absurd.". not everyone like pickles. he called me and his phone rang.  the phone being called will ring. a phone cannot ring while calling someone on it.  before calling phone does not ring. we don't need to wash our hands after going to the toilet.  it is unsanitary not to wash hands after going to the toilet.  we don't need to wash our hands before going to eat. "after urinating , hands filled with bacteria.". staying up late can prolong a person's life.  staying up late is not good for your health.  no staying up late can shorten a person's life .and it cause health issues. getting enough sleep every night is important to living a long and healthy life.  people usually relieve stress by killing people.  killing people is illegal and it's not something people usually do.  killing people is against the law.  killing people is illegal and immoral and would not relieve stress.  you have a fever and need to continue working.  working will aggravate illness.  one cannot work with fever.  fevers are contagious and means you are sick.  "when we are sad, we laugh.". people usually don't laugh when they are sad.  "sad people typically cry, and laughter is more commonly associated as an expression of joy.". people cry when they are sad.  she dated an alien yesterday.  there is no clear evidence that aliens exist in the world.  she dated someone in her class.  she dated an robot yesterday.  man can live on mercury.  mercury has no suitable environment for human existence.  mercury is not suited for human life.  the environment on mercury can not support a human life. we can spit everywhere.  spitting may spread bacteria and viruses.  spitting in public is not polite.  spit should only been done in specific ares and not everywhere. you can eat spoiled food.  spoiled food can make people sick.  spoiled food are harmfull for our body. spoiled food may make you sick.  most people have hearts in the right chest.  "normally, the heart is on the left side of the human body.". human heart is located in left of the chest.  hearts are placed in the same place within each body.  locusts are beneficial insects.  "locusts can destroy crops so they are pest, not beneficial insects.". locusts can not be beneficial for humans.  locusts are pests of agriculture due to their ability to form dense and highly mobile swarms.  she often rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition.  people with heart disease are not allowed to ride roller coasters.  she never rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition suppose she rides rooler coasters means she will face lots of problem like vomit. ride on roller coasters is not good for heart patient. people should overeat.  overeating is not good for health.  overeating will lead to serious health issues.  overeating is unhealthy for people.  a ruler can be used to write.  a ruler is a measuring tool.  a ruler is for measuring. a ruler is used to measure.  it was so hot that he drank a cup of hot water. hot water is too hot to cool down effectively. hot water would make you hotter. "to cool down and clench his thirst, he drank a large glass of water.". he tied the stick with a snake. a snake cannot be used to bind things. a snake will not sit well around a stick. he tied the stick with a leaf. he was in such a bad mood that he could not help dancing. people dance only when they are in a good mood. a person in a bad mood avoids singing or dancing. a bad mood doesn't make you want to dance. "he had a lot of work to do, so he left early". too much work will lengthen the working hours. having a lot of work requires staying late to finish all the work.  the only time someone would ever leave early is if they completed all their work before the end of the day.  he put out the fire with oil. oil helps fuel the fire and only makes it worse. oil is flammable. oil is flammable and makes fires worse.  he opened the door before he went out. people usually lock the door when they leave home. "in order to leave out of a door, you have to open it.". when you go out you secure your home.  he overslept and arrived at the office early. oversleeping will miss the office hours. if you sleep in you wouldn't be early. one cannot go to office early after having overslept.  he picked up a knife and began to comb his hair. combing your hair with a knife will scratch your scalp. a knife will cut the head if combed with it.  we use a comb to comb our hair. "the water in the pot boiled, so he turned on the fire". you need to turn off the fire when the water boils. you would tun off the fire olif the water boiled. the fire needs to be on to make the water boil. "his handwriting is very ugly, so everyone praises him". ugly handwriting is not a thing to be praised. if writing is bad people don't praise it. praise is typically given when something is good or beautiful in nature.  "the ground was spotless, so he began to sweep the floor". there is no need to sweep the floor when there is no dust on it. spotless ground  do not need to be swept.  the floor is so spotless that it doesn't need cleaning. the movie was so funny that he cried with sadness. "watching funny movies can make people laugh, not cry". "the movie was so hilarious, he was laughing so hard his stomach hurt.". funny doesn't make people sad. the problem was so difficult that he worked it out easily. solving difficult problems requires a lot of time and energy. the problem was very simple and worked out easily.  difficult stuff isn't easy. he went to the museum in the midnight. most museums are closed at night. the museum is not open at midnight.  the museum is usually closed in the midnight. "he is afraid of the dark, so he goes out every night". a person afraid of dark won't go out at night because it's dark outside at night. "it is dark at night, so going out would make him more afraid.". dark appears in night and he should also afraid of going out in night.  he has a bad memory and never forgets anything. it's easy to forget things when you have a bad memory. bad memory always causes things to forget.  a bad memory means you forget a lot. he played a tune on the table. the table is not an instrument. the table isn't an instrument. table is not musical instrument. she is tall and short. tall and short can't be used to describe the same person. you can not be short and tall at the same time.  she is very tall and slender.  the ant jumped up the tree. the ant can not jump. ants are too small to jump significantly.  common ants do not jump.  he turned on the tv first and plugged in the power. television can only be turned on if it is plugged in first. without plugging the power we cannot turn on the tv.  you need to plug in the tv before it will work. "he often dreams, so his sleep quality is very good". you don't dream often when you sleep well. dreams can disturb your sleep.  dreams can make people restless when they sleep.  "he was sleepy, so he picked up his cell phone and went back online". "when you are sleepy, you should not continue to play with your phone". once your sleepy you just want to go to bed.  if your tired you go to sleep not stay awake on you phone. his skin turned white after he went to the desert. ultraviolet light in the desert darkens the skin. the sun in the desert make skin go black. climate in desert is hot. he cleaned the table with sandpaper. sandpaper will damage the surface of the table. sandpaper would damage the table. sandpaper would damage the table.  he is 12 years old and he is an adult now. only after 18 years old is he an adult. "at 12 years old you are not fully grown ,so still a child.". 12 is too young to be an adult. "he had spent all his money, so there was still a lot of money in wallet". when the money was spent there was not a penny in wallet. "he spent all of his money, so his wallet was empty.". "if someone spends all his/her money, he is left with no money". "he doesn't like crowded places, so he always goes to the mall". there are always lots of people in the mall. mall is not free of crowd.  a mall is a busy crowded place.  he applied transparent glue to the wound to stop the bleeding. transparent glue has no hemostatic effect at all. glue is not normally used to give first aid.  glue can infect the wounded area.  mom has a beard. women don't grow beards. "mom, is usually a women and women don't have beards.". women cannot grow facial hair to the point they have a noticeable beard unless they have a rare genetic condition.  my elder brother is two years younger than me. a person's elder brother should be older than he or she. my elder brother can always be only older than me.  my younger brother is two years older than me. he put the glass hard on the ground. "glasses are fragile, so you should take them lightly". placing a glass down hard will break it.  glass is fragile and would break with force.  "he is allergic to peanuts, so he often eats peanut butter". peanut butter is made from peanuts. if you are allergic to peanuts you should not eat anything with peanuts in.  "if someone is allergic to something, he/she avoids that thing". "it was too noisy outside, so he opened the window". opening a window will just let the noise louder. opening a window would increase the volume one hears outside.  "opening the window would let in more noise, so would not make the environment less noisy.". he crumpled up the ruler and threw it into the dustbin. the ruler is too hard to be crumpled up. paper can be crumbled and it can be recyled .  a ruler is rigid and unable to be crumpled.  he went fishing at the aquarium. fishing is not allowed in the aquarium. aquarium is too small for do fishing.  you don't fish at an aquarium. he was stung by the puppy. puppy do not sting people. he was stung by a bee.  "puppies have tails that wag, not stingers, and they can only be harmful by biting or scratching.". it rained last night and the road was dry. the rain will wet the road. when raining liquid drops fall o ground that water make wet in the ground. rain makes roads wet.  she runs in high heels. running in high heels is uncomfortable. "high heels are difficult to walk in, let alone run.". high heels are painful and dangerous to run in.  "he broke up, so he was very happy". "breaking up is a sad thing, so he was not happy". "breakups cause people to be sad,". breaking up is generally not a happy thing. he couldn't afford a second-handed car so he bought a new car. "normally, a new car costs more than a second-handed car". he have a less amount to buy a new car.  a new car costs more than a second hand car. "she ate expired food, so she broke her bone". eating expired foods does not lead to bone fracture. you can not break bone from eating expired food. "she ate expired food, so she got an upset stomach.". "he is nearsighted, so he has a pair of reading glasses". you should wear myopic glasses if you are short-sighted. reading glasses do not correct for nearsighted vision.  nearsighted people  have no need for reading glasses.  "today is her birthday, so she gave gifts to others". it is a tradition to receive gifts on your birthday. "today is her birthday, so everyone else gave her gifts.". on your birthday you receive gifts not give them. doctors never get sick. human beings get sick sometimes and doctors are humans. "everyone is able to get sick, doctors are in contact with sick people a lot and will become sick because of it". doctor is also a human he can be sick. he went to the amusement park to refuel his car. there is no gas in the amusement park. he went to the amusement park to have fun and ride roller coasters.  an amusement park does not provide fuel for cars. the doctor told her to eat more sugar when she had cavities. too much sugar can cause more cavities. sugar destroys teeth. sugar free products are needed for healthy teeth. the whole class passed the exam and the teacher is angry. the teacher should be happy when the whole class pass the exam. a teacher would be happy their class passed an exam. the teacher was so happy when the entire class passed the test.  he is good at playing basketball so he becomes a professional cook. being good at playing basketball isn't the reason for becoming a cook. "if someone is good in a certain thing, he becomes professional in that particular thing". if good at basketball you would be a professional basketball player. he picked up a house at random. the house is too heavy to lift. a house is to heavy to pick up.  a house is too big to be picked.  he picked up a lot of volleyball on the beach. there can't be lots of volleyballs on the beach. volleyballs aren't just laying around on beaches. beaches doesn't have volleyballs.  the frog sings on the stage. frogs can not sing a song. a frog cant sing. a frog cannot sing.  he watches tv shows on his watch. you can't watch tv with your watch. he watches tv shows on his laptop.  watches cannot play tv shows.  "grandma has no teeth, so she often eats nuts". nuts are hard so impossible to be eaten without teeth. no one can eat nuts without teeth. eating nuts requires teeth to chew them up.  it was so hot that he sweated a ton. people can't sweat so much at one time. "when it's really hot, it's common to sweat a lot.". total 72% of the body weight is water and it can not be a ton. he went to the ladies' room. boys can't go into ladies' toilets. ladies room are used only by ladies.  men don't go to the female toilet. he washed his hands with charcoal. charcoal can get your hands dirty. charcoal is used for fire.  charcoal would make your hands black.  he saw a seagull in the desert. seagulls don't live in the desert. seagull is a seabird and it does not lives in dessert.  "gulls usually appear where there has water, while deserts have no water". the mice chewed through my glass. the mice can't bite the glass because it is too hard. mice do not have strong enough teeth to chew glass.  the glass is too hard to chew. "her birthday is on february 29th, so she has a birthday every year". there is only one february 29th every four years. we only have 29th february every four years.  you have one birthday a each year. "the traffic light was green, so he stopped". the green light means you can go. people only stop at red light. one stops only when the traffic light goes red.  he took a whale out of his schoolbag. there's no room for a whale in the schoolbag. "a person can't carry a whale in a bag, the whales are too big". "pens and books fit in backpacks, whales fit in the oceans". "the sun was too bright, so he took off his sunglasses". sunglasses can prevent sunlight from entering your eyes. sun glasses are worn when the sun shines brightly.  "the sun was so bright, so he put on sunglasses.". he unlocked the door with his car key. "the car key only opens the car, not the door". car keys are only able to unlock cars.  a car key will open the car and nothing else.  he smelled grilled fish in the corridor of the hospital. the smell of roast fish can only be smelled in a roast fish shop. grilled fish is not used in a hospital'. hospital do not clean with fish. he planted the tree in the middle of the road. trees can't be planted in the middle of the road. a plant in the middle of the road will be run over by vehicles.  the trees in the middle of the road will obstruct the traffic. "he had a bad appetite, so he ate a lot". one cannot eat when one has a bad appetite. due to his health he want to eat.  one avoids eating if he/she has a bad appetite. he sat on the cactus and watched tv. cactus has lots of spines and can't be sit on. cactus is a plant. "cacti have thorns sofas have foam, it shouldn't be too good to sit". he went to the railway station by plane. there are no planes at the railway station. "a plane needs a very large, open air strip to land at it's destination.". you can't go to a railway station by plane.  dad was shoveling grass on the highway. there are no weeds on the highway. "you shouldn't do shoveling on a highway, lawns are made of grass.". dad was shoveling snow off the driveway.  they went camping in kindergarten. "a kindergarten is where kids go to school, not a place for camping". kindergarten is educational place for kids.  "a kindergarten is a place where children are taught, not for camping". "the box was too heavy, so she felt easy to move it". it takes a lot of strength to lift things when they are heavy. you can't move something that is to heavy for you.  heavy things are harder to lift.  dad shaved with papers. papers can't shave a beard. papers don't have a sharp edge to be able to shave. papers are not a cutting utensil.  modesty makes a man backward. modesty can help you improve yourself. modesty makes a man honest.  modesty is being humble about ones abilities or accomplishments and cannot make a person go backwards or any direction.  he had dinner in the morning. "meal had in the morning is called breakfast, not dinner". you would not want a full meal for your breakfast.  the meal people eat is night is called dinner not in the morning. he saw lots of mouses in disney park. "disney park is usually very clean, so there can't be lots of mouses". he would just see mickey. mouses are found only in houses.  "he doesn't like fruit, but he likes apples". an apple is also a kind of fruit. apple is also a kind of fruit.  apples are fruit. "the song was terrible, so he listened to it many times". "if the song is too bad, it will make people lose interest in listening to it". song was not so good s he listened to it many times. people do not listen to songs that they find terrible. "he procrastinated a lot, so he finished the task ahead of time". procrastinating will prolong the time you finish the task. with his own knowledge and brain he done a good work in time.  "procrastinating means to delay work, so it would not contribute to finishing a task ahead of time.". transportation facilities belong to private property. transportation facilities are public property to ensure the safe operation of the transportation system.  both ate useful to humanbeing. public transport doesn't belong to private property. learning history can help us understand what will happen in the future.  history records the events of ancient times and has nothing to do with the future.  history is a series of past events. this statement is illogical beacause learning history helps us understanding the past so that we can use that knowlodge in future. flammable and explosive articles allowed on high-speed rail. flammable and explosive materials can endanger passengers' lives. "if a train crashes while transporting hazardous materials , it would be a giant bomb.". high speed railways do not allow flammable or explosives as they are dangerous.  all dogs in public places should be released. dogs without being roped can easily hurt humans.  people will be in danger by free dogs.  dogs released in a public place could cause a lot of harm.  scholarships are a disgrace to students.  "only good students can get scholarships, so it's not a disgrace.". students work hard to earn scholarships.  scholarships are given to encourage the students.  dictionaries can explain some laws of nature.  "a dictionary can only explain the meaning of some words, but it can't explain the laws of nature.". dictionaries don't know the laws of nature.  dictionaries give definitions not explanations.  different people have the same occupation.  "everyone has his own work to do, not the same work.". all lazy people have the same occupation. not everyone has the same job. taking notes in class is a bad habit. it is a good habit to take notes to promote one's study.  because taking notes is a good habit. students can fare well by taking notes in class.  sewerage is not important to the city. "sewerage can dredge sewage, is the heart of the city". most cities need sewerage. city without sewerage will be unhygienic and hazardous.  the swimming pool is a good place to sleep.  "sleep should go to the bedroom, not the swimming pool.". you would drown if you went to sleep in a swimming pool.  "you can't sleep in a pool, you would probably drown". the heart of a kind person is very vicious.  kind people are kind-hearted and have beautiful hearts.  a kind person cannot be vicious by heart.  brutality does not coexist with kindness.  the lighthouse misled the ship.  "at night, the lighthouse will show the way home for the ship.". lighthouses help ships. lighthouses exist for the benefit of ships.  beggars usually have luxurious villas.  beggars are very poor. they can't have luxury houses.  luxurious villas cannot be afforded by beggars.  beggars cannot afford homes.  guitar is one of my favorite sports.  the guitar is an instrument but not a sport.  guitar is a musical instrument. a guitar is an instrument not a sport.  he likes jogging at sea.  people can't run on the ocean. you can't jog in the sea. we can only swim at sea.  he likes fishing in the desert.  there is no water in the desert and you can't fish.  "there is no fish in the desert, so no one can go fishing there". he likes fishing in the mountains.  the moon is very suitable for human habitation.  there is no oxygen on the moon and it is not suitable for human habitation.  the moon has no air so people can't breathe or live there.  you can't breathe on the moon. weather change is an artificial behavior. "weather change is a normal phenomenon in nature, not a result of manual intervention.". weather change is a prime example of natural occurence. behavior also explains actions for living beings. change of weather happens naturally.  mercedes-benz is the name of an animal.  mercedes-benz is not an animal. no animal is called mercedes. mercedes-benz is not animal its a brand. teeth are the most vulnerable organs in the human body.  the teeth are very hard and not fragile.  teeth are hidden in the mouth. "teeth a solid, so we can use them to bite and chew.". airplanes can dive into the water.  the airplane is powered by its wings and thus flies. it can't dive.  airplanes are not made to go in water. some special airplanes can land on top of the water.  wolves are solitary animals.  "wolves' population rank is strict, and it has high sociality.". wolves live in packs. wolves live in packs. cheetah is a lovely cat. "cheetah is a kind of cat, but he is very cruel.". cheetahs are beautiful wild animals.  cheetah eats people. milk is a fermented product. milk is a natural drink from cattle.  "if milk is fermented, it would become curd.". if milk was fermented it would be yogurt. coke is a traditional condiment. "coke is a carbonated drink, not a condiment.". coke is a drink.  coke is a popular soda.  people can take a bath in the bedroom.  the bedroom is for sleeping.  there is water in the bedroom.  baths are not in bedrooms. the polar region is very warm.  "the polar region is perennially covered with snow and ice, which is very cold.". the polar regions are full of ice.  "the polar region is full of ice and snow, so it can't be hot". cheese is a mildewed milk product.  "cheese is the products of a fermenting process, but not the mildewed process". cheese is not made by molding milk and hence is not a mildewed milk product.  cheese is a milk product.  ancient and modern have the same social system. there are different social systems at different times.  social systems have evolved and changed with time.  social system has changed over the time and ancient and modern people cannot have the same social system.  bees are a pest. "bees can spread pollen, not pests.". bees does not affect the farming fields.hence it is not a pest. bees help plants breed. there should be inequality between men and women.  "everyone is equal, no matter the gender.". men and women are same. inequality between men and women affect both negatively.  bars are good places to sleep.  the bar is too noisy to sleep.  a bar is noisy with lots of people. bars create much noise and one cannot sleep there.  the bedroom can cook.  the bedroom has no tools for cooking.  a bedroom's main purpose is to be slept in.  bedroom is a type of room not a person or equipment that can cook. i like to eat with shampoo. shampoo is inedible. shampoo is not a food and is not safe to ingest.  i like to wash my hair with shampoo.  people can talk to the dead on the phone.  dead people can't answer the phone. the dead can't talk. people can talk with each other on the phone.  monday is people's legal holiday. monday is a statutory working day. monday is the first working day of the week.  monday's are the beginning of the work week.  most judges are unfair.  being fair in law enforcement is the responsibility of judges. a judge is obligated to follow and uphold the law regardless of their own views and opinions.  people need fair judges and most judges are fair.  business seats on high-speed rail are suitable for the poor.  the poor have no money to ride in expensive business seats.  they are expensive. seats in business class are very expensive. man can breathe in a vacuum. "without oxygen in vacuum, human beings cannot survive". man requires air to breath and a vaccum would remove the air. vacuum has no air and it cannot be breathed in.  i parked my car in the kitchen.  "the kitchen is the place to cook, not the place to park.". i parked my car in the garage.  i parked my car not in the kitchen. the kitchen area was cooking area. so i parked my car in the parking area.  we can close the windows to ventilate.  close the window and the air can't flow and ventilate.  closed windows trapped the air inside.  air can not escape or enter through a closed window.  the sun itself cannot shine. "nuclear reactions occur inside the sun, which emits energy and produces light.". it reflects the heat. the sun emits light. the duty of the police is to help criminals.  the police exist to stop crime. the police catch crminals. criminals try to escape from police lest they be arrested.  the knife is very soft.  the knife is made of iron and steel. it's very hard.  knife is a sharp object not soft. the knife is hard and sharp.  tornadoes are an animal.  tornado is not an animal's name. tornadoes are a natural disaster.  tornados are a natural event not a living thing.  hospitals are places where people exercise.  fitness venues are called gyms. no one sees the people in hospital where they exorcise.  "people exercise in gyms, not hospitals". different people have the same appearance.  everyone has a certain difference in appearance.  "aside from twins, no two people look exactly the same.". different will people always look different.  everyone has the same interests and hobbies.  different people have different interests and hobbies.  some people like sports and others don't so this is one example.  everyone has their own favorite hobbies and interests.  tanks are a very powerful means of communication.  the tank's lethality is terrible. it's a military weapon.  tanks are weapons and can not be used as a communication device. tanks are only used in war.  cancer is an easy disease to treat.  "cancer is a very terrible disease, and it is very difficult to recover from it.". "cancer is never an easy thing to be diagnosed with, or treat.". recently many rich people themselves are facing death due to cancer. cancer is hard to treat.  the duty of students is to teach and educate people.  teachers' duty is to teach and educate people.  a teacher's duty if to teach and educate people. the duty of students is to learn.  steel is made of clay.  iron and steel are compounds of iron and carbon.  steel is made of iron. you can not make steel with clay. dairy cows can be planted on the land.  dairy cows are animals and cannot be planted on the ground.  cows are not plants. cows are animals that cannot be planted.  the sun brings darkness to mankind. "the sun shines on the earth, bringing light to mankind.". the world becomes dark when the sun sets.  the sun shines.  the light of the moon comes from itself. the moon absorbs sunlight during the day and illuminates the earth at night.  moon cannot produce light by its own. the moon reflects light from the sun.  different vehicles have the same speed.  different types of vehicles have different speeds.  there is difference in the speed of different vehicles.  "vehicles have different size motors, tires and wright so this means they have different speeds". drugs can bring great benefits to the body.  drugs can be addictive without any benefit.  drugs are poisonous. "medicines can help remedy diseases, but they bring a lot of damage to the body and adverse reactions". driving through a puddle should be fast. "fast driving will cause the car to stall, especially in the puddle". typically a puddle has a pothole underneath it which can damage a car if driven over at high speeds.  fast driving through a puddle can be dangerous.  a bow is the name of a butterfly.  a bow is a hand-made ornament.  bow is a weapon not an insect. typically the scientific names for butterfly's are long and complicated as to distinguish them from one another.  fruits are rich in nicotine.  nicotine is a harmful substance that does not exist in fruits.  there is no nicotine in fruit.  nicotine is a treatment of tobacco use disorders. man has wings and can fly in the sky.  man has no wings and can only live on land.  no human has wings to fly.  man has legs not wings.  an ostrich is a fast-flying bird.  "the ostrich is a bird, but it can't fly.". an ostrich can only run fast.  an ostrich cannot fly.  he likes to travel by cat.  cats are so small that they can't travel on their bikes.  cat is not a mode of transportation. a cat cannot be used by a person to travel.  you can sign up for a makeup class to travel.  a makeup class is a place for makeup work but not travel.  there is no travel involved  in a make up class.  "if you sign up to a makeup class you would be focused on doing makeup such as eyeliner, lipstick, eyeshadow and focused on travelling.". butter is a kind of milk.  butter is a dairy product made from milk.  butter is a derivative of milk and not a type of milk.  butter and milk are both dairy products.  motorcycles need cooking oil to drive. edible oil is used for food and cannot be used as fuel for motorcycles.  cooking oil cannot be used for motor cycles.  motorcycles need fuel to run like petrol. farmers live by planting money. "money can't be planted, but crops can". money doesn't grow. farmer's are know for their success at raising livestock and growing quality fruits and vegetables.  summer is very cold in all seasons.  "the temperature is very high in summer, so it won't be cold.". summer is a season. summer is the warmest season of the year.  electric cars need gasoline to drive. "electric cars can convert electrical energy into kinetic energy, without the need for gasoline.". most electric cars can not run off any kind of fuel.  the engine of an electric car does not need gasoline. the bedroom is a good place to cook.  cooking should be in the kitchen. cooking is not done in bedroom.  the bedroom is a good place to sleep.  ancient people were very advanced in science and technology when comparing to modern people. "after many year's developments, modern people should have better science and technology than the ancient.". ancient people did not have the advancements we have to day.  ancient people had not the knowledge of science and technology.  pesticides kill plants. pesticides are chemicals specially designed to kill pests.  pesticides can kill the human beings.  you would not want to kill your plants.  dogs mainly heat through sweat glands. dogs have very few sweat glands and can only use their tongues for heat dissipation.  dogs don't heat.  dogs don't have sweat glands. plants migrate at any time in harsh environments.  plants cannot move themselves. plants are stationary. plants have roots and they are cannot move as animals do.  humans can photosynthesize. "humans can't photosynthesize, because they do not have the chloroplast like plants.". photosynthesis is a plant's life cycle.  people don't plants. the human kidney is a digestive organ.  the kidney is a detoxification organ.  kidney is not used to digest foor. human stomach is the digestive organ not kidney.  the candle turn electricity into light. candles can bring light without electricity.  "a candle doesn't use electricity, but fire to produce light.". a candle isn't a generator. people are inherently unequal. everyone is equal in modern society. "inequality exists largely because of differences in social circumstances, which is inherent of the system and not its people.". all people are created equal.  everyone should trample on the law. the supremacy of law cannot be trampled upon. we have to respect law. there won't be any peace left in the universe if everyone tramples on laws.  people like to keep a fierce tiger as a pet. tigers are wild and people are very afraid of them.  because it is also a cat family. a tiger is a dangerous animal and is avoided as a pet. the snail's shell is his food.  "the shell of a snail protects the snail, not its food.". a snail cannot eat it's shell.  "a snail wouldn't eat its own shell, it probably couldn't even reach". human beings have long tails. "man has no tail, but pigs have.". humans do not have tails. dogs have long tails.  gold is very cheap.  "gold is very scarce, so it's very expensive.". "if gold were a cheap metal , it would not have so much value.". gold is a precious metal.  people should wear sunglasses when they are short-sighted.  sunglasses can not help people look at things clearly. may use to show they are short sighted. people should wear sunglasses to protect their eyes from the sun.  the order of writing in modern society is from right to left.  "the order of writing in ancient times is from right to left, but today is reversed.". most people read and write from left to right.  everybody writes from left to right.  war is very friendly.  the war is very cruel and will do great harm to people.  war is an act of aggression.  any war cannot be friendly.  science and technology make our society backward. science and technology will make our society develop rapidly. science and technology help set our society forward.  science and technology have helped us discover new things.  different races have the same skin color. differences in climate conditions in different regions result in differences in skin color. different races have all different types of skin complexions.  human skin color are adaptive traits that correlate closely with geography and the sun's ultraviolet (uv) radiation.  the earth is a nearly square planet.  the shape of the earth is not a square but an ellipse.  ellipse is not a square. the earth is round. he was fired by his boss for his diligence. hard-working people will be very serious in their work and will not be fired.  he was fired by his boss for sleeping.  the boss fired him for his lack of maturity.  you should continue to work if you feel tired and stressful.  continuing to work will make you even more stressful.  you should take a nap if you feel tired and stressed.  no one continue to work if they feel tired and stressful.  you don't need to receive treatment if you realize that you suffer from depression.  "if you don't receive treatment, you will get worse and even hurt yourself.". "depression is a crippling mental condition, and it could lead to negative consequences if left untreated.". depression requires treatment to learn how to handle it. disposable plastic bags will not lead to great damages to the environment.  disposable plastic bags will pollute the soil and water in the environment for a long time.  "plastic bags take hundreds of years to decompose, damaging the environment". "burning of plastic in the open air, leads to environmental pollution due to the release of poisonous chemicals". judging a man by his appearance is good.  a man's character does not depend on his appearance.  "never assume things about someone based on their looks, but take into consideration their personality.". judging is stupidity. goal setting is not necessary.  goal setting provides us with the motivation to achieve what we want to achieve.  without setting goals one cannot be successful.  setting a goal gives you something to work for.  too much indulged in games is not wrong.  too much indulged in games will delay people's work.  playing too much is bad for your health. you can't play games all the time.  young people should not do volunteer actions.  volunteer actions can help young people to gain some working and social experiences.  people of all ages should be involved in volunteer activities.  young people should do volunteer actions because young people have strength and energy. we can ignore the frustration education.  strengthen frustration education can make people feel good when they facing setbacks in life.  we should not ignore the frustration education. it should not be ignored. health is not important to live.  only by being healthy can we live longer.  health is important to live a a long and happy life.  bad health can shorten your life span.  mobile phones don't bring convenience to life. mobile phones can be used in many ways and help a lot in your daily life.  mobile phones can be taken everywhere you go as opposed to a wired phone.  mobile phones have been a huge technical advancement for us.  trees aren't indispensable to environment.  trees can be used to reduce water runoff and soil erosion.  the environment requires trees to create oxygen. trees are vital to a growing environment.  knowledge is of little importance in our life.  knowledge lets us deduce the right thing to do and make us learn more about life.  knowledge helps people earn money and get on in life so it is important.  knowledge is very important for a successful and thoughtful life.  people don't need to read selectively.  there are many bad books that are poisonous to our mind.  people get to decide what they want to read.  selective reading is the choice of an individual. environment is not important for a restaurant.  a good dining environment will make people more appetizing.  the environment sets the stage for the restaurant. you want a restaurant to be a nice place to be.  drugging abuse is a good thing.  "drugging abuse breaks hearts, destroys families.". drug abuse is a disease.  abusing anything is bad for you especially drugs. vocabulary isn't an important part of english learning. vocabulary is the prerequisite for fluent writing and reading english.  english learning is not possible without vocabulary.  vocabulary is an important part of spanish learning. salary level isn't an important criterion to measure a job.  salary is the guarantee of people's normal life.  people work for money so look for the highest pay they can. every one wants more salary and it is important criterion to measure a job.  water resources aren't important to people.  people cannot live without water resources in their daily life.  people need water to survive. water is necessary for everyone to do daily activities.so it is very important. eating appropriate amount of fruit is bad for people.  fruits are rich in vitamin c needed by the human body.  fruit is healthy to eat. "fruit gives us valuable vitamins , we should eat at least five a day.". alcohol isn't harmful to the human body.  you can get alcohol poisoning if you drink too much  the chemicals in your body can cause vomiting or seizures  . alcohol is a poison. alcohol is toxic to the human body.  an adequate sleep has little effect on health.  adequate sleep helps people maintain healthy body weight and an optimal blood sugar level  . healthy people always value getting a good night's rest.  "lack of sleep has a negative effect, mentally, physically and emotionally.". excessive weight loss is not a big problem.  excessive weight loss can lead to disorders in normal metabolism.  excessive weight loss will make one weak and unfit to do any work and is a big problem.  excessive weight loss can be just as dangerous as excessive weight gain.  excessive jealousy is a good thing. excessive jealousy makes it impossible to concentrate on one's own affairs.  excessive jealousy is bad for relationships.  jealousy harms you and those around you.  global warming shouldn't attract people's attention. global warming has resulted in threats sustainable development of human beings.  global warming is an important issue we need to keep in mind.  global warming is a major cause for concern with potentially catastrophic consequences in the not-so-distant future.  drinking coffee is harmful to human health. "drinking coffee has been linked to a lower risk of heart disease, parkinson's, and liver cancer.". drinking beer is harmful to human health.  coffee does not make any adverse effect on human health.  it's good to spoil children.  spoil to a child can ruin or damage his or her future  make they become more and more indulging.  spoiled children are hard to manage.  spoiling children can not be good and it is punishable.  not having breakfast will not be harmful to people.  having no breakfast will throw the normal work of our digestive system into confusion.  breakfast is the most important meal of the day.  breakfast is the most important meal of the day. teachers should scold children too much. "moderate criticism is fine, but excessive criticism can deprive children of the confidence they deserve.". "if teachers scold children too much, they would not respond to them.". it is important to not be too stern with a child and scolding a child too much can have negative effects on the child.  people should indulge in gambling. gambling can make people speculative and lose a lot of property.  if you gamble you are like to loose everything you own.  gambling is a vice to be avoided by people.  people should drive after being drunk. "drunk driving causes traffic accidents, which affect the personal safety of pedestrians and drivers.". drunk and drive is prohibited. drunk driving will only lead to accident and one cannot reach home safely.  man and nature shouldn't live in harmony. only if people are in harmony with nature can mankind live forever.  we will perish without nature. nature is a beautiful place for people to relax and reconnect with themselves.  people don't need to pay attention to hygiene.  attention to hygiene can prevent the occurrence of diseases.  taking care to hygiene is important to people's health and they they need to pay attention.  people can get sick from poor hygiene. drivers should drive over the speed limit.  speeding can make drivers less likely to respond to unexpected events on the road.  driving over speed limit is dangerous for everyone.  "if one crosses the speed limit, he will be fined.". air is not important to human beings.  human beings can't live without air.  "air is a requirement for human beings to live, and we'd all be dead without it.". without air humans couldn't breath. people don't need to chew slowly when eating.  people chew slowly when eating. will keep people slim and make dining a far more enjoyable experience.  chewing faster will not make food to digest.hence people should chew slowly. chewing fast may result to choking. studying hard is useless.  studying hard is the basic thing to get a good mark.  studying hard helps people get jobs and get on in life.  the more you study the more you learn.  staying up late is helpful for our health.  staying up late will cause dark circles or blood streak in the white of the eye.  staying up late will make you tired.  getting good sleep is a staple of good health.  children can leave familiar places with people they don't know.  people whose children don't know may commit crimes against children.  it is unsafe for children to leave familiar places with people they don't know.  children should never leave with people they don't know.  people shouldn't drink water every day.  it's good for us to drink water every day.  water is vital for people to drink regularly.  water  is part of life so we should drink water everyday. people can leave their mobile phones when they work.  "mobile phones can store a lot of data, and they can quickly contact their partners.". mobile phones interfere with work. "people are addicted to mobile phones, so they are not able to leave it.". wi-fi is not very helpful to people's lives.  "with wi-fi, people can work and chat online free of charge anytime, anywhere.". "wi fi makes it possible to be connected anytime, any place.". people mostly use wifi. people should not be excessively narcissistic. those who suffer from narcissism become self-absorbed or chronic show-offs.  narcissism affects people badly.  it is important to not be selfish and self centered.  people should be excessively self-abased.  self-abased will make people can not correctly understand themselves.  people should have confidence.  if people are excessively self-abased they cannot succeed in life due to their low-esteem.  the teacher praised me for being late. students shouldn't be late for class. being punctual is important and praised.  being late is a bad thing and any teacher can not praise for it.  dogs can eat chocolate.  dogs die from eating chocolate. "since chocolates increase the toxic levels in dogs, they would die if given chocolate". humans eat chocolate and dog eats bone and meat.  we can have petrol for breakfast.  people can't drink petrol. no one have and wants to have petrol in the breakfast.  for bike petrol is the breakfast. laziness is a good quality. laziness can make people go backward. lazy individuals do not have a go getter attitude.  laziness is a bad habit. smoking can make people healthier. nicotine in cigarettes is poisonous thus bad for health. smoking is bad for your health. smoking is harmful to your health. fireflies can't light up. fireflies have glowing cells in their tails. firelies have light on them.  fireflies glow.  he was fired by his boss for his diligence. hard-working people are liked by bosses and will not be fired.  he was fired by his boss for sleeping.  the boss fired him for his lack of maturity.  the duty of the police is to help criminals.  "the police exist to stop crimes, not help with them". the police catch crminals. criminals try to escape from police lest they be arrested.  tornado is an animal.  "tornado is not a kind of animal, it is a kind of natural disaster". tornadoes are a natural disaster.  there is no animal called tornado.  hospitals are places where people exercise.  "people exercise in gyms, not hospitals". no one sees the people in hospital where they exorcise.  "people exercise in gyms, not hospitals". different people have the same appearance.  everyone's appearance is different from each other.  same people have the different appearance.  "if two people are different, they will never have the same appearance, as only identical people can look the same.". everyone has the same interests and hobbies.  different people have different interests and hobbies.  my friend and i have different interests and hobbies. people like different things. tanks are a very powerful means of communication.  the tank's lethality is terrible so it's a military weapon.  tanks are weapons and can not be used as a communication device. tanks are only used in war.  the duty of students is to teach and educate people.  it is the teachers' duty is to teach and educate people.  a teacher's duty if to teach and educate people. the duty of students is to learn.  he put an elephant into the fridge. an elephant is much bigger than a fridge. elephants cannot fit in fridges. an elephant is the largest land mammal so he's not going to fit into a fridge let alone probably not going to fit in the kitchen.  my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day. no one eats stones. no person eats stones for breakfast. the stone is not edible. money can be used for buying stars. no one can get stars and sell them now. money can not buy ownership to celestial matter.  stars are not owned by anyone.  they are people saying to can own stars but they are dirty rotten scoundrels appeasing to people's emotions. stars cannot be touched. you can't really own a star.  usa is located in the northeastern part of new york. usa is a nation while new york is its city. new york is a state within the usa. usa is a country and new york is a city so it's impossible to find usa inside new york. a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime. the sun is much brighter than the moon and stars in the day time. starts and the moon are not visible at daytime. stars don't show up during the day. he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash. a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment. restaurant do not have doctors for treatment. you go to the hospital instead of a restaurant.  his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam. parents are always happy to see their children get good grades. "good grades are a sign that a student is learning math well, which leads to feelings of happiness and being proud.". people don't get angry over good grades.  cans are usually made of gold. gold is too expensive to make cans. cans are usually made of aluminum.  cans are usually made of tin. i put my desktop into my suitcase before departure. suitcases are not big enough for a desktop. desktop is too big for a suitcase. because you arent allowed to put yout desktop in your suitcase. i walk to the moon. the moon is to far to walk to. "moon is not on earth, it's very far from earth ,to reach on moon on need special type rocket or something like that ,and it is very costly ,general person can't afford it.". you cannot walk to other interstellar objects.  i work 25 hours a day. a day only has 24 hours. there's only 24 hours in a day.  there are only 24 hours in a day. i'm hungry for water. water is used to quench thirsty. "you are thirsty for water, not hungry.". water is not food. this basket can hold one gallon of water. baskets cannot hold water. baskets don't hold water. a basket cannot hold liquid.  this man can jump across a mountain easily. a mountain is too big for a man to jump across. a person cannot jump that far.  humans were designed to not jump that for nor high.  i put the rubbish into a mailbox. "rubbish should be thrown into a trash can, rather than a mailbox". rubbish does not belong in a mailbox.  it should go in the trash. most children hate candies. candies are sweet and children love sweet things. children enjoy candy.  children are fond of sweets.  most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol. the alcohol makes drinker stupid. alcohol clouds the mind. nobody becomes wiser after alcohol. a salad usually contains grass. human do not eat grass. grass is not found in anytime type of salad.  grass is not a food. computers are everywhere in a forest. computers are not plants. "a forest is made up of trees and natural phenomena, not technology.". there's no electricity in a forest. my family used to watch radio together after dinner. radios cannot be watched but only listened to. watch radio doesn't show time. "radio doesn't support video ,it only supports audio.". i became sleepy after a whole day starvation. starvation makes a man feel hungry rather than sleepy. when people starve they become hungry. you would be hungry not sleepy. he cured after taking poisons. "suicide leads to death, rather than cure". poison does not heal.  poison makes you sick.  i changed my car when passing a crossroads. we do not need change cars when passing a crossroads. there was nowhere for me to pull over to change my car. "there's no reasonable explanation for changing a car when out and about. there's no changes you could do to your own car while driving. if by ""changing cars,"" you mean transferring to a new, different vehicle, that doesn't make any sense either. many people only have access to one car, and they wouldn't pragmatically be able to swap vehicles when out and about, like passing a crossroads. it's just silly.". i had a sweet dream when i was awake yesterday. people dream only when they sleep. "dream can't been seen while you are waking ,when you sleep then only dreams come.". dreams don't come when awake. my dad grows a tin of cola everyday. cola is produced in the factory rather in the farm. "cola is a man made product , so it can't be grow.". "cola is made, not grown.". alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends. feeling left out makes a person unhappy. most people would feel sad instead.  alice is sad if left out by friends. bob played hard to prepare for the examination. playing would not help the preparation for an examination. theres no playing hard for examination. you would have to study hard.  i was humiliated by him so i had better friendship with him. humiliation makes a person feel angry and hostile instead of friendly. there should be no humiliation in friendship. friends would not humiliate each other.  i cooked my meal at the restaurant. i do not need cook food at restaurant. you go to the restaurant specifically for not cooking. "the restaurants cook the meal for you.""hitid". bob loves to play tennis at the sports store. there is no tennis court in sports stores. tennis could be played on a tennis court. the sports store contains only the sports things.  i love eating seafood so i love eating chicken. chicken is not seafood. chicken isn't a sea food.  chicken is not a seafood.  i am short so i have an advantage in basketball. tall guys can usually play basketball better. tall people have an advantage in basketball.  i am short so i have an disadvantage in basketball. mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep. rock-and-roll is too noisy to make people asleep. rock-and-roll would not send a baby to sleep. rock-and-roll is not sleepy music.  this apple is a beautiful light blue color. we have not discovered blue apples yet. apples are never blue. apples are green or red.  i call my mum with a drum. nobody makes a call with a drum. a drum makes music and isn't something you could call anyone on. "i can call my mom with a phone, not a drum.". i like drinking mercury after dinner. mercury is poisonous. drinking mercury is fatal for human beings.  to make digestive they may drink mercury after dinner. i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake. a bar of soap can only ruin the cake. birthday cake will be dirty if i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake.  i put a candy of on a birthday cake. plastic is the main ingredient in candy. plastic is not eatable. sugar is the main ingredient in candy.  candy is edible and does not contain plastic.  he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better. nobody eats robots. robots are not edible.  you do not cook a robot.  he is drunk soon after drinking some water. drinking water can't get people drunk. water does not have any alcoholic content for a person to get drunk.  drinking water will not make a drunken.  walking is an expensive hobby. walking costs almost nothing except shoes. walking is a free hobby.  walking does not cost money.  managers greet with each other and begin to bark. only dogs bark when they meet. dogs bark; managers do not.  managers are not dogs and cannot bark.  teachers teach sports with a globe. we don't learn mountains or countries during sport classes. to knowledge their student. globe is used to know about the world.  a funeral is a place for laughter. it is impolite to laugh at a funeral. funeral is a place for grieving.  a funeral is not a place for laughter. children have fun in the cemetery. cemetery is a place of sadness rather than fun. children have fun on the playground.  a cemetery isn't a place of fun.  mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes. restaurants don't need customers to do the dishes themselves. she like the  restaurant food. mary eats at a restaurant to fill her stomach.  wool is a form of eating material. people don't eat wool. wool isn't eaten.  wool is a form of don't eating material. mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom. a bedroom is used for relaxing rather than cooking. meals are prepared in kitchens.  cooking is done in the kitchen. bedroom is a place to get rest.  cars on the railway multiply during holidays. a railway is built for trains not cars. "cars drive on roadways, not railways.". cars does not ride on a railway but on the road.  beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious. a drill is not a cooker. drills are used for drilling a hard material. a grill is for cooking food. jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with tom. tissues don't have telephone numbers on them. a rolodex does not contain tissues.  a rolodex does not hold tissue.  pictures can be kept on films eternally. films can easily be damaged thus ruin the picture. a film can get damaged. pictures are not stored on films.  we use a penknife to cut wood. using a penknife to cut wood is a waste of time and strength. a penknife is too weak and inefficient for wood cutting.  penknife is not sharp enough to cut wood. human beings can travel to the moon by bus. moon is unreachable by bus. human beings can travel to the moon by rocket. humans can only travel to the moon by spacecraft.  she is sad to play with her friends. meeting friends is a positive experience. playing with friends brings people happiness.  playing with friends makes people happy.  smartphones nowadays are huge. smartphones of huge size go against the rule of convenience. "smartphones are normally made small enough to fit into your pocket, so that are not that big.". huge phones are tabs. we took television sets to commemorate important days. television sets do not serve as a souvenir. "television is an audio video device,not to commemorate important days.". we can take information of important days by watching television. i park my car in the living room. it is impossible to park a car in the living room. car can be parked on the parking area.  it may be a playing car(small car which kids uses). lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in. you don't have to break a wall for aeration. you just need to open the window to let air in.  a window must be opened for fresh air.  a giant panda is a black and white bird found in asia. a giant panda is a viviparous species. "panda is a bear, not a passador". panda is a bear family beast. smoking is good for health. smoking does harm to langs and many other organs. smoking is one of the worst habits for health. smoking is bad for health. a power socket has a copper housing for safety. copper can cause life-threatening electric leakage. copper conducts electricity so this would be a fire hazard. a copper conducts electric current and can shock you when they are live so they cannot be for safety.  it takes him an hour to tear himself apart. nobody can tear himself up alive. he can't physically tear himself apart because he's made of skin and bones.  people don't tear themselves apart.  i rip a letter to tell her i am fine. a letter in pieces cannot carry a message. if you rip a letter i will never reach to person you want to send.  ripping letters is not a normal way convey good emotion.  a dining room is a place where people sleep. people sleep in a bedroom. people sleep in bedrooms.  no dining room is only eating. he breaks the iron board with a bare hand. iron is too hard to even be bent by an unarmed human. you need something stronger than your bare hands to break something like an iron board.  bare hands are so soft .  supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance. supermarkets want to attract more customers in the year-end. clearance are for price reduction. in supermarkets year end clearance at low prices.  the farm is destroyed by a tomato. tomatoes are not threatening plants for a farm. the farm would be destroyed by a tornado.  a tomato can't destroy a farm.  he is so famous that nobody has heard of him. to be famous is to be known by many people. famous people are known by every one. if he is so famous everyone should hear to talk about him. i like her songs because she is a good cook. singers can usually sing better. "because she is not cook , she is a singer". a good cook may be a good singer also. there are many trees in the pond. trees don't grow in the pond. what are the best trees to plant around a pond. there are many plant in the pond. the moon is a planet of the solar system. the moon is the earth's natural satellite. "the moon is a natural satellite that orbits the earth, not a planet.". the moon is the fifth-largest natural satellite in the solar system. we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline. power plants don't provide gasoline. power plant does not have gasoline.  a power plant does not sell gasoline. lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert. a cinema is not equipped for concerts. in cinema they wont have concert. concerts do not take place in movie theaters.  centigrade is a measure of acidity. acidity is usually measured by ph value. centigrade is a measure of temperature.  centigrade is not a measurement of acidity.  the ancients used a satellite as a guidance. satellites are contemporary inventions. satellite is used by modern people. the ancients not used a satellite as a guidance. the fire was caused by a glass of water. water puts out fire instead of causing it. the fire was  not a caused by a glass of water. "water does not cause fires, helps turn them off". december is the 13th month of a year. there are only 12 months in a year. there are only 12 months in a year.  december is the 12th and last month of the year.  a prince is a piece used in the game of chess. no pieces are named after a prince. game of chess doesn't have prince. the game chess has no piece named prince.  maid is an important member of a family. a maid is a woman hired and working for a family. "the maid is a member of staff, not a member of the family". "a maid is an employee, not a family member.". he opens the door with a lock. a lock can only keep the door firmly closed. key is used to open the door. he opens the door with a key. a sea is a large body of sweet water. no sea water tastes sweet. "the sea contains salt, which is not sweet.". sea water is salty. a rooster can lay eggs. male chicken doesn't lay eggs due to its biological structure. rooster do not lay eggs.  roosters are male and cannot lay eggs.  farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun. fungi prefer darkness and humidity better than sunshine. how much can a mushroom farmer make. mushrooms cannot be grown in direct sun. tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on valentine's day. carnations are mostly used on mother's day. he should buy her roses for valentine's day.  "bunch of carnations is wrong, it should be bunch of flowers.". soup is best eaten with a fork. it is impossible to ladle soup with a fork. noodles only eaten fork. soup is best eaten with a fork. there are many fishes in the desert. fishes live in the water rather than sand. fish can only live in water.  fish live in water; the desert is dry and thus home to no fish.  i fly to paris to see the statue of liberty. the statue of liberty stands on an island in new york harbor. statue of liberty is in america. the statue of liberty is not in paris; it stands on liberty island in new york.  nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer. nissan is an automobile manufacturer and sells cars. nissan is a car manufacturer.  nissan makes cars.  food is stored in the pan. a pan is used for heating not for storage. food can be stored in fridge not in pan. a pan is for cooking food. the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass. normal glasses cannot reflect lights. glass can't reflect an object. may be cats moving around the glass. she goes traveling on weekdays. weekdays are days where people have to work. "most people work on weekdays, so are not free to travel". people usually travel on weekends.  laughter is a sign of sorrow. people laugh when they are happy. laughter is a sign of happiness.  laughter is a sign of happiness.  mary sits at the closet and begins reading. a closet is used for storing things. usually reading can done only at a study table. people don't sit at the closet.  jim practices running on the bed every morning. bed is not suitable for running. running practice can be done on the road.  jim will practices running after getting up from bed. he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon. a ribbon is not firm enough and can only be used as decorations. ribbons are very weak to climb with. strong ropes iron cliffscare used to climb mountians. he opens a storybook and begins to cook. cooking has nothing to do with stories. cusine books and receipes are needed for cooking. we read storybook. i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor. chili powder tastes spicy rather than sweet. a chili powder is hot and cannot create a sweet flavor.  i don't put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor. bob looks up a word in a shopping list. shopping lists don't tell the meaning of words. "a dictionary is used for looking up the spelling and meaning of words, not a shopping list.". shopping list bob looks up missing word. she begins working for relaxation. working can't make people feel relaxed. work is not usually relaxing. she begins working for earning to money. people usually work on sundays. sunday is part of a weekend which is conventionally seen as a holiday. sunday is a holiday.  people usually not  work on sundays. santa claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents. santa claus does not exist in reality. they children can't the parent so gift   the santa claus. santa claus will provide gifts to all without pretends.  he sells something to eat to the convenient store. convenient store sell things to customers rather than buy from them. he buys something to eat from the convenience store.  "convenient stores sell, they do not buy from consumers.". he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride. killing people is not the right way to express gratitude. we use pleasing words for thanking. he tipped the driver to thank him for a free ride.  she feels ill and goes to see a teacher. teachers don't know how to treat illness. a teacher does not cure illnesses but doctors.  you would see a doctor not a teacher.  i buy a cd to listen to the latest advertisements. a cd is usually made to record songs. you buy cd to listen to latest music.  i buy a cd to listen to music.  it takes me 3 seconds to read the book. people can't read a book in 3 seconds yet. no book could be read in 3 seconds. books take more than three seconds to read.  he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet. he can't even get close to a cat otherwise he may die. can someone who is allergic to cats live with a cat. a person with an allergy to cats could not have a cat as a pet.  he runs faster than no one and wins the champion. a champion is usually awarded to the one who runs the fastest. if he runs faster than all there is no other champion besides himself. he'd run faster than everyone if he was to win.  i wear a belfry to be informed of the time. a belfry is a building and cannot be worn. a belfry is a massive building.  a belfry is part of a bell tower and may toll the time but it cannot be worn like a watch.  a plane beats its wings and flies off. a plane cannot beat its wings. "planes use engines for flight, not movement of the wings.". a plane do not beat its wings to fly as it's not a living bird.  jim invites amy to dance in a pool. people don't dance in the water. only swimming can be done in a pool. it's almost impossible to dance in a pool.  people lived in houses made of wool in the past. wool is too soft to be made into houses. because their is no holloblocks in the past. they people not thing to anther way. it is rainy so they go camping. rainy days are inconvenient for camping. we don't camping in rainy day.  people don't go camping in rainy weather.  the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning. people are usually sleeping at 2 o'clock in the morning. "meetings are usually held during the day, not in the middle of the night.". regular is strong for 2 am. "heat the drink with some ice, please". ice has a lower temperature than normal drinks. maybe you want ice coffee. cool with drink with ice.  i eat apples because of my illness. an apple is not a cure for a disease. we eat apple to stay healthy.  i dont eat apples because of my illness. he catches a subway train in a bus stop. a subway train doesn't stop at a bus stop. in bus stop we dont have any subway train. "a bus stop is for buses, not subways.". mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score. one can only get scores by answering questions the test paper asks. asking questions while attending a exam is not allowed. people are not allowed to ask questions to get the right answers during exams.  human beings shake tails to express their happiness. human beings don't have tails. dogs shake tails to express their happiness.  dog is shake tails to express their happiness.  he had his hair cut at the butcher's. a butcher doesn't do hair cuts. the butchers cuts meat and not hair.  he not cut hair in butcher's. i drink some glass. human beings cannot drink a glass. i drink some water. we can't drink glass. tim and mary got married on february 31st. february doesn't have 31 days. there is no 31st in the month of february.  february has only 28 days. she writes diaries in a magazine. magazines are not designed to be written in. diaries are private.  "articles are written in a magazine, not diaries". the girl next to mary in the photo is her nephew. a nephew is a male relative. "a nephew is a male relation, so the girl cannot possibly be mary's nephew.". girls cannot be nephews.  i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring. a diamond is an expensive jewel worthing far more than a dollar. diamonds are much more expensive than a dollar.  diamond rings cost thousands of dollars.  cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince. her stepmother and stepsisters treat her badly. "cinderella was abused with her step family, she was not happy". cinderella lives a sad life before meeting the prince.  children take music classes in the gym. a gym is built for p.e. classes. children take music classes in music school. children can do exercise in the gym.  obama has served as president of the usa for twelve years. serving as president for over eight years is against the us constitution. obama has't served as president of the usa for twelve years. obama only served 8 years of presidency.  children like flying planes in the spring. children cannot get a license to fly a plane at their age. children are not able or permitted to fly airplanes.  children are not able to fly planes as it takes years of training. people must have a driver's license to travel abroad. traveling abroad doesn't mean one must know how to drive a car. people need a passport to travel abroad.  people should use passport for traveling other countries.  it is snowy and very hot outside. rain turns into snow only in cold days. a snowy weather would be cold and not hot. if it is snowy it can not be hot.  the car stops at the green light. you can go when traffic lights are green. "green light allows the car to ""go""". car stops at the red light.  people take off clothes when they feel cold. clothes are used to keep people warm. "when cold, people wear additional clothing; people take off clothes when they feel hot.". that would make them colder.  trump was emperor of the usa in 2018. the usa is not a monarchy. "donald trump was voted in as democratic president of the usa, not as emperor.". the usa does not have emperors.  he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly. people use their ears to hear. "because to hear something, we have to put radio near the ear not next to the mouth". "to hear the radio more clearly, it should be placed next to his mouth, the organ of hearing, not his mouth.". he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages. vandalizing cultural heritages is against the law. it is a crime to vandalize cultural sites.  vandals are not honored.  i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell. shells are no longer used as money. "toys are not bought with shells, and they are not used as shells.". toys are not using for shell.  they have to live in a mansion because of poverty. a mansion is too expensive for the poor to afford. people in poverty do not live in mansions.  mansions are very expensive places to live and poor people won't be able to afford them. it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition. the first is the best position to get. came first place in a challenge. being first in the competition will give you a wonderful feeling.  they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs. an air-raid shelter reinforces against bombing. they would go into an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs.  people go into air-raid shelters to protect themselves against bombs.  "in the dark, i turn off the light to read a book". it makes reading much harder to turn off the light in the dark. "in the bright, i turn off the light to read a book". "in the dark, i turn on the light to read a book". they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other. c++ is for computer programming rather than interpersonal communications. i dont understand their communication. c++ is a computer language not a spoken language.  stephen william hawking was a great actor. his theory contributed greatly to cosmology. he was a great scientist. stephen hawking was actually a famous physicist not an actor. it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby. fathers cannot pregnant up to now. because men cannot give birth to babies.  "fathers don't deliver babies, mothers do.". they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest. sleeping in a hotel cannot be called as camping. they sleep in a tent while camping in the forest.  "camping involves sleeping in a tent, which is a temporary structure, unlike a hotel which is a permanent solid structure.". i water my mp3 player two times a week. an mp3 player will be damaged after been watered. watering an mp3 player would damage or ruin it.  you don't need to water an mp3 player.  mongolia is mass surrounded by water. mongolia is a landlocked country. mongolia is not surrounded by water. mongolia is a landlocked country.  she wears clothes because of nearsightedness. clothes cannot help to correct myopia. nearsighted persons wear spectacles. clothes are worn to protect us from heat and cold. tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen. socks cannot ensure the safety of a bike. a socks doesn't protect from theft. a pair of socks will not be strong enough to secure a bicycle and prevent it being stolen.  the cook treats his patients carefully. cook doesn't treat illness. the cook treats his patients carefully. cooks doesn't have patients.  the titanic struck a life buoy and sank. a life buoy cannot damage the titanic. "the titanic sank after striking an iceberg, not a life buoy.". titanic struck a glacier and sunk.  he paints the ceiling with cola. cola cannot color the ceiling. he paints the ceiling with paint.  cola is not used or suitable for painting. she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day. people usually don't write to people they meet frequently. normally you write to a pen pal that you have never met in person (someone far away) or someone you do not see often.  you don't write to a person you see everyday.  a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad. a fresh lemon also tastes sour. a lemon tastes sour when it is fresh.  a lemon taste sour when it is in a good condition.  pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on. pumpkins are not big enough in reality. the pumpkin coach was a carriage made for cinderella. pumpkins can't be made into carriages for people to ride on. she is cut by a carpet accidentally. a carpet is too soft to even hurt people. carpets are soft and can't cut you.  carpets are too soft. i use pencils to cut paper cuts. pencils are not sharp enough to cut papers. pencils are not for cutting. papers can be cut by scissors.  people burnt ice for warmth th the past. ice is nonflammable. ice cannot be burnt. people burned coal and wood for warmth in the past.  tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up. chocolates is more commonly seen as an expression of love. chocolates are  used for  making someone happy.  tony gives his girlfriend  to break up chocolates. she brings a scarf because of the rain. a scarf cannot protect people from the rain. a scarf does not protect from rain and thus serves no purpose in the rain.  she should bring a umbrella because of rain.  i will pick you up on the cd disk. cd disks are not a place for persons to stay. a person cannot be picked up on a cd.  a cd disk is far too small to lift someone up on. we had lunch together on march 33rd. there aren't 33 days in march. because the family fantion. march has only 31 days. he practices running on noodles every morning. noodles are not for running. he practices running on ground every morning. he eats noodles and goes for running. the dog sits there without even a mew. mew is a sound a cat makes. "dog's bark, not mew.". dogs do not mew. he walks in from the wall. people cannot walk through a wall. you can't walk in from a wall.  he walks in from the street. she rides a chair to work. chairs are not a form of transportation. she is sitting a chair to work. chair is for sitting not riding.  he writes his homework on the dew. you cannot write on the dew. dew cannot be written on.  "it is not possible to write on dew, which is basically a small amount of water.". a rabbit likes eating meat. a rabbit is a herbivorous. a rabbit likes eating vegetables. a rabbit are likes eating a vegetable / fruits . meat is not vegetable. the lake will be frozen in summer. the temperature in summer is above the freezing point. the lake will be frozen in winter. the lake will be frozen in winter.  she washes her computer with warm water. computers break when being washed with water. "a computer, like anything electronic, will probably break if you get it wet". "most of your clothes can be washed in warm water. it offers good cleaning without significant fading or shrinking. when to use cold water  for dark or bright colors that bleed or delicate fabrics, use cold water (80 f). cold water also saves energy, so it is a good choice if you want to be eco-friendly.". i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks. chopsticks have not got cutter edges. i cut a piece of cloth with scissors. because chopsticks can't cut anything.  i am preparing for the trip yesterday. no one can prepare for yesterday. we can prepare for trip tomorrow.  yesterday they went to the trip.  i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple. traffic lights don't have the color of purple. i begin walking as soon as the light turns blue. i begin walking as soon as the light turns green.  i drink coke with a chopstick. chopsticks are not designed for liquid. the chopstick is used for take food and eat . the coke an drink. a chopstick is not a straw.  the knitting wool enjoys playing cats. the knitting wool is not a living creature. cats are enjoyed by playing knitting wools. wool is incapable of playing.  she takes attractive selfies with her headphone. headphones aren't equipped with cameras. selfies are taken with a smart phone. pictures cannot be taken with a headphone.  i buy a boyfriend for my sister. people cannot be purchased. it is uncommon to purchase relationships. boyfriends come through loving each other. his father got excited because he failed the math exam. parents will get angry if their son or daughter fails the exam. failing a maths exam would upset most parents. failed the math exam is not a good news.  i go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned. museums are places for exhibiting famous paintings and precious artifacts. clothes are cleaned in the laundry. because people go to the laundromat to wash clothes.  bob bought chocolate for his enemy on valentine's day. people buy gifts for their loved ones instead of hated ones on valentine's day. "valentines day, and the gift of chocolate, are to celebrate a loved one, not an enemy.". bob bought chocolate for his significant other on valentine's day.  french fries are made of oranges. oranges can't be used to make french fries. french fries can also be made of oranges. potatoes are used for french fries. mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings. "there's no oxygen and liquid water on mars, which are necessities for human beings". "earth is most suitable for humans, not mars.". earth is the best habitat for human beings.  harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket. the basket is usually higher than a human and stooping down will make harry lower instead of higher. harry jumps up to throw the basketball into the basket.  a player would need to jump up to make a basket.  i'm thirsty so i drink seawater. a human cannot drink seawater directly. salt water dehydrates.  no one can drink sea water because its too much salty.  alice is running on the sea. a human cannot run on water like sea. you can only run on land or a hard surface.  sea is running in alice. bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers. hurting fingers will cause pain instead of delight. if he hurts his finger means he looks painful. anyone looks painful when hurts. maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air. fresh air usually will not cause coughing. maria didn't coughs when she breathes in fresh air. breathing in fresh air would help eliminate coughing.  african lions enjoy eating grass. "lions are carnivorous, so they eat meat instead of grass". lions are carnivores and enjoy eating meat.  lions are not eat grass.  i graduated from college at the age of 3. three-year-olds are too young to go to college. i graduated from college at the age of 21. people usually graduate from college at the age of 22.  bears stay underwater during hibernation. bears will drown and die if hibernate underwater. bears cannot survive underwater.  bears stay in dens during hibernation.  alice go to the bathroom for repletion. there's no food in the bathroom. you cannot go to the bathroom for repletion.  alice go to the dressingroom for repletion. i went underwater and took a deep breath. a human will drown if breathing underwater. a deep breath cannot be taken underwater.  brething cannot be done in under water. dogs can feed blood to their young ones. blood is not a type of food for young dogs. dogs can  feed milk to their young ones. dogs are mammals and they feed milk to young ones. frank goes to the bank to save people. "you don't save people in a bank, instead you put money into your bank account". you can only save money in the bank.  "iinto the bank we save money, not people.". jack can read books before learning basic words. human can understand books only after grasping basic words. by assuming words jack can read book. basic words need to be learned before one can read.  kids fly kites in a windless day. kites need the power of wind to fly. you need wind to fly a kite.  kites only flies with the wind.  students like it when teachers let them go later. longer school time leads to more homework and less free time. students will get irritated if they let to go late. children hate leaving school late. the big hand on a watch shows the day. a day is too long to be shown by hand on watches. "watch hands tell the time, not the date". "a watch displays time, not the day of the week.". he maintained balance and fell to the ground. when people maintain the balance they will stay still. because if he maintained balance he would not have fallen. people don't fall when they maintain their balance.  he bought his new coat at the grocery store. a coat is not sold in grocery stores. grocery stores do not sell coats.  a coat is not groceries. the traffic light turned white from red. white is not a color of traffic lights. no traffic signal in the world has white light. traffic lights don't have white lights.  she smells terrible after a shower. when people have a shower they wish to have a better smell. she has to smell good as she finished her bath.  a shower is supposed to clean you so you don't smell bad. he put on a t-shirt and go skiing. a t-shirt is too thin to withstand skiing weather. a t-shirt is not warm enough to ski in!. "skiing is cold, requiring more than just a t-shirt". he received many complaints at his birthday party. "complaints annoy people, which should not happen at a birthday party". yoy receive praise on your birthday. he received many gifts at his birthday party. he surfed the sea to check his email. checking email requires an internet connection. the sea has nothing to do with checking email.  internet connections are pretty hard to find in the sea.  i gave him some review on his future career. to review is to look back and summary. you cannot review the future because it has not happened yet.  can't review something that hasn't happened. she planted a tree in her bedroom. a bedroom can be too small for a tree to grow. a tree should not be planted in the bedroom because it is not the place to grow trees.  trees do not grow inside buildings. the policeman put the witness in jail. jail is for those who violate the law and witness identifies those who violate the law. witnesses don't go to jail. witnesses are not involved with the crime and are thus never jailed. he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks. blank has nothing on it so it can't be crossed out. there is nothing to cross out in a blank.  there is nothing to cross out if there are blanks.  the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land. turtles breed by laying eggs and protect them. turtle will lay eggs in nest not in land. the turtle protected the eggs it laid.  the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster. wind can't be controlled by human beings. it is impossible for humans to adjust wind speed. you can not control the wind. he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke. to smoke the cigarette needs to keep burning. you need a lit cigarette to smoke. you ignite the cigarette to smoke not extinguish it.  the bride got a bouquet after the wedding. brides use bouquet to pass their luck to bridesmaids. the bride is married and would not need a bouqet as that is traditionally given away.  bouquet should be given in the wedding. she put her earrings back to the seasoning box. seasoning box is for seasoning but not earrings. they go in a jewelry box. earrings don't belong in a seasoning box. a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly. meal break is the only time when workers are allowed to eat. if you only have a short break you would want to eat quickly to finish in time.  you don't eat slowly if you are having a short lunch break. every time i wrote a reply when he received my letter. usually the one receives the letter write the reply. you can't reply before having an answer. every time he has to reply for your letter because you wrote the letter not himself.  they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage. people usually don't marry the one they are not satisfied with. wouldn't marry if not satisfied with each other. if you don't like each other you don't get married. the waiter gave him a bill to order food. bill shows the dishes that have been ordered. the waiter gave him a paper to order food. you can't get a bill before ordering. he lit a torch to see in the daytime. there's sunlight in the daytime so a torch is of no use. day time sun light is there no need of torch. you don't need a torch in the daytime. i put all my stuff in the drawer to travel. drawer is too small and inconvenient to carry around. drawers are used for long term storage of stuff. people use suitcases to carry travel stuff.  he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair. blow dryer is of no use to dry hair. blowing dryer is the process which is taken after washing hair.  no need to use blow on dry hair. he first wash hair and then blow it.  he used chopsticks to eat soup. soup is liquid but chopsticks are used for solid food. chopsticks aren't able to hold any liquid.  soup is liquid in form. dvd can be used to search for information. dvd is a storage medium that has no function of searching. dvd can be used watching movie. you can only watch a dvd. i ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow. watermelon has red juice. a watermelon can turn teeth red. there is nothing yellow in a watermelon so there is no yellow color to stain your teeth. she took off socks and washed her hands. socks are for feet. she didn't need to take her socks off to clean her hands. you don't need to remove your socks to wash your hands.  the cow jumped over the moon and escaped. cows can't jump as high as the size of the moon. cows cannot jump over the moon. it's impossible for a cow to jump that high.  he left her a lot of bills in his will. people leave valuable things in their will. bills is very important for account please kept the bills. a will contains assets not dues.  the little girl squatted and rang the bell. a bell is usually high on the door and difficult for a girl to reach. doorbells aren't down low. by squatting she can't rang the bell. he stretched out on the economy class of the flight. economy class is the cheapest with no enough space to stretch out. there is no possibilities to stretch out in economy class. economy class seats have small legspace. he walked through the railway to another room. the railway connects rail stations. railways are not inside.  you can not walk through a railway otherwise you will be hit by a train.  the ground was covered with sugar overnight. sugar don't fall from the sky. sugar will atract insects can't be kept in ground. sugar is not an element of weather and would not fall outside overnight.  the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table. a garden is too big to be put on a table. table is too small to keep the garden of flowers in its middle.  gardens do not grow in the middle of tables; they grow outside.  tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday. a job interview is a serious occasion and pajamas are too casual. pajamas are way too casual and not professional enough for a job interview.  "for interview everyone wear formals, not pajamas". she put the guitar on the top of the mountain. the mountain is not a proper place to put a guitar. guitars don't go on mountains. mountains are too tall to put anything there. he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep. sleeping pills help you sleep quickly. sleeping pills are supposed to make you fall asleep.  sleeping pill make you fall asleep so you would not take them if you want to stay awake.  atlantic is the biggest continent in the world. atlantic is an ocean instead of a continent. "the atlantic is an ocean, not a continent.". atlantic isn't a continent.  her new song was popular on the theater screen. a theater doesn't play a song. no song will be played on theater screen. songs are not shown in theaters.  it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming. each day doesn't start at 6 o'clock. "it is 6 o'clock twice a day, every day even when the new year is not close.". new year's is at midnight. the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree. nests on the ground will be easily damaged. birds build nests high up on trees. birds always build nest in branches of a tree to protect the nest.  she turned on the radio and the room became bright. a radio can't emit light. radios do not emit light.  turning on a radio emits sound. he used a surfboard to surf the internet. the internet is virtual so it can't be surfed with a surfboard. "a surfboard is used to surf in the ocean,not on the internet.". surfboard are used in boating that can't be used  in internet. he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down. an accelerator is a device to speed the car up. "to slow down the car, use a brake". the accelerator gives speed. i remember they built a snowman last summer. "to build a snowman people need snow, which won't occur in summer". no one can built a snowman in summer. i doesn't snow in the summer in north america.  he found he had more money after he paid the bill. paying the bill uses his money so he can't have more. you can't have more money after paying money.  he has less money after paying the bill.  she walked to the gas station to refuel her car. people refuel the oil tank in the car so the car needs to be driven to the gas station. you need your car to refuel it.  refueling car can be done taking car not by walk. after one day of exercise he became strong. the condition of strong requires a long time to achieve. we have to do exercise for longer days to become strong. it usually takes way more than one day of rigorous exercise to truly become strong(er).  he folded his umbrella when it started to rain. when umbrellas are folded they don't provide shelter from the rain. you should open your umbrella when it rains.  he has to open his umbrella beacuse it starts raining.  she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food. vegetarians also need food to live. "vegetarians eat plenty of food, just not meat products.". vegetarians refuse non veg foods not foods. he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there. cola is a kind of drink and has nothing to do with the power of a car. if he is driving why would he walk. cola is not a valid fuel for cars.  mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft. a pilot is usually not in charge of the assembling work. "a pilot fly an aircraft, they don't assembled them". pilots fly planes but they do not assemble them.  jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper. a finger doesn't contain any color ink. a finger is not a writing instrument.  a finger is not a writing utensil.  the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse. businessmen are not good at catching a mouse especially at the airport. he wasn't needed. "you catch a plane at the airport, not mice". he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet. feet aren't at the end of your arms. everyone use arms to caught the ball. there are not feet at the end of arms.  the difference between the twins' birth time is one day. a pair of twins are delivered one by one closely and a day is too long. twins are born on the same day.  "it would be extremely rare, if not impossible for twins to be born a day apart.". he found enough evidence to commit a crime. evidence are not used to commit a crime. evidence is found after the crime has been committed.  you don't need evidence to commit a crime.  jim cut his finger with the soap. soap is not sharp enough to cut one's finger. soap can not cut anything.  soap is soft with round edges. tina told her dog to clean the apartment. a dog isn't good at cleaning an apartment. dogs can't clean it's a animal. dogs aren't able to clean.  jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic. garlic will cause bad breath after people eat it. eating garlic makes the breath worse. "garlic is not the only factor for having a bad breath, poor dental hygiene, oral infections and dental problems are the major factors for having a bad breath.". susan cleaned her room and she had more trash. to clean a room is to sweep the dirt and get rid of trash. "she cleaned the room, so she removed trash, she can't have more trash in the end". cleaning a room will reduce trash.  he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant. hot pot is not served as fast food. hot pot is chinese and there are no fast food chinese places. can't eat a pot. he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat. a gym doesn't serve any food and people eat before they work out. you don't go to the gym to eat. gym's do not serve food. he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home. a dog and a mouse don't infringe each other. "dogs don't hunt mice, cats do". dogs don't catch mice. as a geographer he created the earth's surface. earth is created through billions of years. because people think that god created everything. "its not logical, as he surveys what is already there, not create it". joe stole some money from his own pocket. to take money from one's own pocket is not stealing. money in his own pocket is his own property. you cant steal your own money. the child looked down to find stars in the sky. for a people on earth the stars are above our eye level. stars are in the sky and you must look up.  "the sky is up, therefore looking down is against common sense.". he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun. doctors helped us when we are in mental or physical illness. he felt like suiciding the doctor won't give him gun. a doctor saves lives.  tom watched fictions on magazines. fictions are published on books. "you don't watch magazines, you read them.". you cannot 'watch' magazines; you can only read them.  john got up early to take a good rest. to take a good rest one should sleep long enough. can't get a good rest if not sleeping. getting up early is the opposite of getting rest.  susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call. if a phone is disconnected it will not ring. phone won't work being disconnected. if your phone is disconnected another call cannot come through.  she bent her eyebrows to jump up. "people use their leg to jump up, not their eyebrows". no need to bent eyebrows for jump up. eyebrows are not used to jump. anne dropped a waterfall on the floor. a waterfall falls from the cliff of a mountain. a waterfall is not an object that you can hold.  you can't hold a waterfall in your hand. the experienced singer captain the ship. a singer doesn't know how to lead on a ship. singing has nothing to do with captaining a ship .  a singer is not a captain and would not  helm a ship.  he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell. a magnifier isn't accurate enough to observe a cell. a magnifying glass does not have enough power to focus on a single cell.  cell can be observed through only microscope not magnifier. he put on his shoes to see well enough. shoes are worn on the feet and have nothing to do with eyes. shoes are worn on the feet and don't have any relationship to how well or poorly a person can see.  shoes do not help you see.  josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach. seashell isn't big enough for josh to step into. you don't step into seashells.  "seashells are typically very small, so stepping onto one is more likely than into one". he walked barefoot over broken glass. if people walk barefoot they are fragile to sharp things. walking barefoot over glass would be very painful. bare feet over broken glass causes injury. jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises. people can talk or keep silent when they do some exercises. there is no reason that talking an exercise cannot go together.  it does not matter if you shut up or talk while you exercise.  he received a degree from his family. a degree is granted from a professional institution and family is not one. people receive degrees from universities. you receive a degree from a college. james liked his car for a long time everyday. the emotion of like doesn't have an accurate time period. everyday are the car to long time. you don't like cars. tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle. drakes don't provide friction to stop the wheels. drakes aren't used on bikes. a drake is a type of lizard and not commonly found on bicycles. she found eagles at the bottom of the sea. eagles are birds that can't live in the sea. eagles are flying in the sky. eagles cannot live at the bootom of the sea.  he used his id card to pay the bill. id card's only value is to identify someone. i'd card is used for identity purpose by that we can't pay bills. id cards can't pay bills. he is the first man born on the moon. environment on the moon is not suitable for the human being to live. nobody has been born on the moon.  no one has ever been born on the moon. joe slept on a banana peel. a banana peel is too small for a person to sleep on. banana peel is too small to sleep.  people do not sleep on trash. the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast. banana is a fruit grown on banana tree. bananas don't come from breasts. from mothers breast only milk will come. carrots make rabbits sick. rabbits eat carrots as their major food. rabbits love eating carrots and nobody likes eating food that makes them sick.  rabbits like carrots as food. josh thought of an idea and wrote a history. history must have happened rather than. can't write a history of an idea. an idea is a short and immediate thing. jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket. driving too fast is dangerous and always punished. if you drive fast you would get a speeding ticket. why should she drive fast even she got tickets. jack ignored his sick friend to check on her. to check on someone one ill must contact him/her. the sick friend is male.  you cannot ignore someone and check on them at the same time.  he got punished by the boss because of his hard work. people who work hard shouldn't be punished. he was rewarded by the boss for his hard work.  hard work would not be punished.  a boat floated in the bowl. a bowl is too small for a boat to float. a boat will float only in water bodies. boats are too large to fit into a bowl.  fred turned up the capacity of the radio. a radio can't hold other things. radios have no capacity. "capacity is generally used to describe physical quantity, not volume.". alex drove the van into the lake. a van can't run on a lake. vans are not made to drive in deep water.  it can happem but usually doesn't. frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop. jewelry are not sold in a grocery shop and they are not sold in a can. jewelry can't be bought in can from grocery shop. no one sells canned jewelry. mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party. a dancing party is not a good place to show off one's watch. no one cares about a watch at a dancing party.  pretty watch no use for dance party. tom fell and broke his heart. breaking one's heart is about emotion. when someone falls they can land on different parts of their body and the heart is protected by the sternum/rib cage so the heart would generally be protected but maybe not the bones.  breaking your heart is more of an emotional thing that happens; it can't physically break the way described here.  he ate his chopsticks with chop suey. chop suey is a dish while chopsticks are tools to eat. "chopsticks are utensils for eating food, and are not to be eaten.". chop suey can be eaten with chopsticks. the shower curtain tastes good. shower curtains are made of plastic. people do not eat shower curtains.  shower curtains are used in bathroom for separation  that can't be tasted. jamie served delicious food on a laptop. laptop can't be a container of actual things. laptop cannot serve delicious food. jamie's new cookbook brings together 100 ultimate comfort food recipes from around the world. he wrote a letter on tv. tv doesn't have a function of writing a letter. "tv is for watching, and not for writting things.". tv's are to skinny to write a letter on.  judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth. an earpick is not designed for teeth. this doesn't make sense because its too big. a toothpick is used to clean between teeth.  suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday. people usually receive on their birthdays. a person receives presents on their birthday. suzie birthday her parents give a new gift. lily hid behind a hair. a hair is too thin for lily to hide behind. typically a (single) hair is way too thin and small for a entire person to hide behind.  a hair is way too thin to hide behind. she opened the shower curtain when she woke up. shower curtain is not for shielding light during the night. shower curtains are in bathroom and we can't open when we woke. people don't sleep in their shower.  lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend. the relationship between a couple is not an affair. you can't have an affair with someone if you are already in a relationship with them.  no one have affair with their girlfriend. hats expose the head to sun and rain. hats function as a shelter for heads. hats is safe of the head.  "in rain, sun can not be visible.". jack handed a word to her. a word can't be handed without writing it down. you can't physically hand someone a sound or spoken words.  words are immaterial and cannot be held in one's hand or passed hand to hand.  he lent me some bills. bills need to be paid and are non-borrowable. you can't lend someone your own debt.  you lend people money not bills.  i gave him the key to break the door. a key is used to open a door safely. "if a person has the key to a door, they wouldn't need to break it.". "key is used to open the door, not to break the door.". lucy drank some tea to serve the guest. tea is for the guest to drink. can't serve a guest tea that has been drunk. "luck could not serve the tea to the guest, she had already drunk it.". paul has a picture taken with two americas. america is too big to be in the same picture with a man. paul took a pictures with two americans.  it should be americans and not americas. the boss made him do hard work all year. an employee needs some rest after a while. your boss can't work you all year. you cannot work all year. i heard her singing in the next city. it's impossible for a human voice to pass that far. it would be impossible to hear something in another city. "humans dont have the hearing abilities to hear distances that would be in context of ""the next city"".". i could hear the rain pattered through the window. the rain won't make any sound if they pass through the window. rain pattering can be viewed through window not hearing. a window prevents rain from coming through.  my boyfriend grew me some roses on valentine's day. couple send and receive mature roses on valentine's day. roses are not grown in one day.  flowers don't grow in a day. our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study. to make mistake is not good in study. teacher will never say to make mistakes in the study. teachers will ask us to not to make more mistakes. she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party. a cloth can't be worn for any occasion. dinner parties require food preparation.  you can't eat cloths at a dinner party. the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor. using a machine is to replace labor. advanced machine  will cost least labour. the point of the machine is to take away the labor.  his success is due to his poor work. a poor work will not be thought highly of. poor work does not equal success.  success depends on good work ethic. he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam. students are not allowed to discuss during an exam. in exam we can't turn to anybody for a question. students don't get help during an exam. he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents. people's parents naturally want them to be successful. frustrating people is not something that should be tied in with success. parents want their children to succeed.  adults are not allowed to drink beer. adults are old enough to decide whether they want to drink beer. if adults are not allowed to drink beer then who would drink beer?. beer is allowed do drink only to adults.  people became ignorant after they read the news. people learn from what happened in the world. reading news enhances knowledge of a person. people became know after they read news. caroline asked her dog a name. a dog can't answer any question. dogs can't talk and provide their name. a dog cannot speak.  he prevented the car from going on the road. the road is for cars to go on. road is the place where car goes we can't prevent. cars are intended to move on roads.  franklin is dancing in the choir. a choir has several singers and performs singing. a person would not be dancing in a choir as a choir is a group of people who sing as an ensemble.  "most choirs sing, they don't dane.". fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket. a shopping list is a reminder of things to buy. everyone will write shopping lists before going to supermarket. after went to supermarket there is no need to create a shopping list as it is already in mind.  police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency. police officers don't eat anything when they are handling emergencies. police officers are in a rush during an emergency.  police officers stop eating when an emergency arises.  jill wrote a book with monsters. monsters don't write as human do. monsters aren't real. monsters don't exist.  she flew on a fly abroad. a fly is too small to be a transportation. humans can't fly on flies. nobody can fly on a fly. we talked too much that we all puked later. conversations don't cause puke. only talking do not puke humans. if puked on-spot on later.  talking does not make you throw up.  tucker overdosed on candy. eating too much candy is not overdosing. you cannot overdose on candy. candy is safe to eat even in large quantities. he got dirty after he bought the house. buying a house doesn't make you dirty. buying a house doesn't cause one to get dirty.  please got complete clean house. ariel wanted to surprise beth by calling her a puppy. calling someone puppy won't make him feel surprised. beth would not be surprised by being called a puppy.  i think puppy should be a dog and not be able to be called. puppy is a dog no one could be happy with that name.  larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting. a meeting doesn't hold in water. swimsuits are for swimming not for meetings. people don;t wear swimsuits to meetings.  he put an apple in his mouth. eating an apple requires a few mouthfuls. a whole apple is bigger than mouth.  an apple is bigger than mouth. he printed a stamp on the letter. a printed stamp made the letter undeliverable. stamp is a ready one bought from shop that can't be printed. "we cannot print stamps, only the government can do that; we have to buy them.". alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster. a drive-thru only serves fast food. i've never seen anywhere you could get lobster in the drive-thru. "lobster requires considerable time to prepare, and so generally wouldn't be available at a drive-thru.". "on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats". concert seldom hold in the dining hall. concerts aren't held in dining halls.  in concert we have to go hall where programme done. they bought paper made of steel. steel is not a good material for paper. "paper is not made out of steel, and can not be made out of steel.". paper can only be made of paper. they hung out at the meeting room. meeting room doesn't provide entertainment. they can meet in the meeting room not hung out. meeting room is a place to discuss something important.  joey used a mop to dry himself. mop is used to absorb water from the floor. "mops are used for cleaning floors, not people.". mops are wet and aren't used to dry a person.  wildfires are controlled by street fighters. street fighters don't know how to put out a fire. wildfires fires are controlled by fire fighters.  "it's fire fighters that try to control wildfires, not street fighters.". honey can understand each other's dancing. honey is inanimate and can't dance. "honey is a substance, it can't understand". honey is a non living thing which can not understand dancing.  he looked at the watch worn on his waist. a watch is too small to be worn on one's waist. "you wear a watch on your wrist, not your waist.". nobody wears a watch on their waste.  sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild. sleeping pills only make people feel sleepy. sleep pills have no effect on the bodies temperature. sleeping pills gives only sleep. a secret is something that everyone knows. people don't usually tell the secret to everyone. a secret is private.  "if everyone knows, it becomes a news". he ate too much that his fart was sweet. no fart has a good smell. fart is unpleasant odour that can't be sweet. eating too much does not determine the scent of a fart.  he chewed his food without swallowing. food won't enter our stomach without swallowing. without swallowing we can't complete chewing. swallowing is the process which comes after chewing the food.  he brought his gum for the hunt. gum is of no use in a hunt. he likely brought his gun for the hunt.  you don't need gum for hunting. the yard was wet after several days of sunshine. sunshine brings energy to dry the yard. if there was sunshine for long days yard can't be wet it must be dry. the yard would not be wet after several days of sunshine.  the ship sailed across the iced waters of the atlantic. a ship can't sail across the ice. ships can't sail on ice.  in iced water ship can't move. the ship turned sharply to get a collision. a ship may sink after a collision. ships would not purposefully try to be in a collision. "the ship should turn away from a crash, not turn to get into one!". the artist added more melodies on his painting. melodies are elements in music. melodies can be added only in music not in paintings. "artists don't add more melodies, but musicians do.". he found a bat to play soccer. bat is not used in a soccer game. you don't use a bat when playing soccer.  "you kick a soccer ball, not hit it with a bat". the student attended several lectures to teach different professors. a student doesn't find ways to teach professors on purpose. "professors teach during lectors, not students.". professors teach students.  all the guest of the party sat onto the cake. cakes are too soft to be a seat. party guests don't sit on the cake.  people do not regularly sit on cake. mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money. a discount means you don't spend more money than the prices of your groceries. a discount means saving money. "getting a discount means you spend less money, not more.". the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside. the sun brings light that dispels the darkness. if the sun is rising then it is day time and there would be more light.  it cannot be dark if the sun is out.  the conversation is at the beginning so i hung up the phone. having a conversation over phone requires someone the hold the phone. you don't hung up the phone at the beginning of the conversation. "you get on the phone to have a conversation, why get off at the beginning?". a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood. a flood is bad for farm products to grow. a canal is not used for flood  relief.  "people build canals for transportation, not to purposefully flood lands". the skydiver glided safely to the seabed. a skydiver can't glide in the sea. skydivers land on the surface from air.  the skydiver are seabed to the glided. after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine. the vaccine helped the baby to be immune to the disease. the vaccine is received in order to become immune and not after it. here vaccination does not needed after becoming immune to the disease. todd opened the window to let the fresh air out. most fresh air comes from outside. you open windows ti let fresh air in. when we open the window fresh air comes in. the dog chased the cat up the tree. dogs don't know how to climb a tree. the dog and cat walk only the land.  dogs cannot run up trees. jane painted a chair and sat on it. a painted chair needs some time to dry. you can't sit on a painting. "jane should not sit on wet paint.""hitid". lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant. vegetarian restaurant only serves vegetarian food. vegetarian restaurant sells only vegetarian foods. steak is not served at a vegetarian restaurant. he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes. future clothes don't have a fixed size. he would lose weight to fit into his current clothes. he would be losing weight to fit clothes he doesn. "there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill". a cattle can be strong but not splendid. huge cattle are too big to walk to the top of the hill.  cattle means cow. he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet. cash of one million dollars can't be put in a wallet. 1 million dollars won't fit in a wallet. in wallet we cant have cash to see its a digital. he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it. people who park illegally won't be punished to sell the car. wrong place car parking leads to fine not sell. you don't sell your car just because it is parked in the wrong spot.  sally hatched some eggs for the christmas eggnog. eggs hatched will become chicken which can't be used for eggnog. a hen can only hatch the eggs. sally cant hatch an egg. cindy said she was too good to go to school. if a student feels good he should go to school. if she goes school she is good only. going to school does not determine someone's quality as a person.  the old man was praised for littering in public. people won't be praised for bad behavior in public. praise is not given for littering. littering in public in not a good or kind act. we should not be littering at all.  jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely. when people lose weight they become slim. "when people get fat, clothes fit tightly". clothes fit tighter when you gain weight. he left his dog in his office when he headed for work. when people work they are usually in their office so the dog is not left. dogs are left at home while going to job. a person's office is most likely to be in their place of work.  the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station. aircraft roadway only allows planes to take off and land. a roadway for an aircraft would be out of place in a train station.  aircraft roadways are built in aerodram. the girl licked her fur carefully. the surface of a girl's body is skin. girls don't have fur.  human beings will not have fur in their body. to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed. bugs are usually small and they don't need a bed for human. one does not accomodate bugs. sofa is not for accomodating bugs its to sit. my hands are tired because i have been standing up all day. people don't use hands to stand up. hands don't get tired from standing. "standing up all day, legs will get tired". joanna made a pot of chill for dinner. chill is about temperature or feeling so it's not edible. pot of chill cant be taken for dinner. chill is to relax and unwind.  penguins are fish that cannot fly. penguins belong to a kind of bird. "penguins are not fish, they are birds.". penquins are birds. i attend a class in the principal room. the principal room can only contain a small number of people. classes are conducted in the class room. "classes should be in classrooms, not principal rooms.". one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot. pilots are not allowed to bring their moods to work. pilots use only their brain while driving. the pilots mood does not delay a flight. in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes. wind usually doesn't blow off your shoes. wind will not only take away shoes. shoes don't come off in the wind. after cooking i put the plate in the sink. plates are used to contain food. the plate was not used to eat off of yet and would still be clean not dirty like dishes in he sink would be.  "the plate has food on it to eat, it would be pointless to just put it right in the sink.". the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather. a blind person doesn't need louder sounds to hear clearly. the boy read the novel to his blind grandfather loudly.  for blind we can read novel in normal voice not aloud. after a long time of walking my foot went numb. walking accelerates the blood circulation in the foot. this statement is against common sense because a foot only goes numb when there has been no activity using said foot.  numbness in the feet would not necessarily be caused by walking.  the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled. a photographer usually takes photos of people having positive emotions. "this statement is against common sense because the photographer should be capturing the moment when the kids smile, as smiles are a huge reason for taking the picture to begin with.". kids smiling is most important in photography so photographer wont miss. i slipped on the cracked floor. cracked floor has greater friction than a flat floor. a cracked floor is not slippery. we cant slip on cracked floor. the bar closed early because it was crowded. a popular bar doesn't close early. if they bar was crowded they would be making a lot of money and want to stay open. "this statement is against common sense because if a bar is crowded, that means money is being made.". he got pulled over by the police when he was parking. parking is an action of stopping one's car. "getting pulled over implies stopping on the side of the road, but parking does not happen on a road.". you cannot be pulled over of you are already pulled over. . the kid was spoiled and ran away from home. if a kid was spoiled he was likely to stay in this comfortable situation. "this statement is against common sense because if the kid was spoiled, he would not want to run away.". "if a kid is spoiled, he will not run away from home". bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch. a watch is used to record time and people look at their watch for the time. "a watch would not serve as a reminder to someone, most likely.". you look at your watch to see the time. the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron. many people went to the bar on their own for a drink. the patron's loneliness has nothing to do with his ability to pay.  a patron would not be refused service because of loneliness.  the student received detention for his excellent grades. students who get good grades don't get punished. "detention is for doing something bad, not excellent grades.". "students should be rewarded for excellent grades, not punished". a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark. a train on a bridge can still receive the sunlight. bridges do not cover light. the inside of train have lights in them. the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish. hiding in the shell is a way to protect itself. a turtle cannot hunt fish while in its shell.  in shell it cant eat fish it must come out. the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister. an elder sister usually wear clothes of larger sizes. hand me downs usually go to younger and/or smaller people.  hand me downs go to younger siblings. the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off. to set a bomb off is to make the explosion happen. it couldn't be defused if set off.  the bomb was set off when the terrorist set it off.  the food he dropped was cooked by his dog. a dog doesn't know how to cook. dog can not cook food.  dog cant cook food as it is animal. the book was deemed inappropriate for human. books are created for human to read. books are not inappropriate for humans.  books are meant for humans. the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time. a wrong turn usually cost a driver more time to come back. taking the wrong road should increase the trip time. a wrong turn takes you away fron the direction you want to go and would not get you closer.  after i replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead. new batteries provide power to make the flashlight on. flashlight should work with new batteries. new batteries should work.  i scratched my skin to relieve scar. scratch causes a scar on human skin. scratching will worsen a scar. "scratching one's skin would create scars, not heal them.". the burglar broke into my house without calling me up. a burglar doesn't call before his theft. burglers will not call up and break into any house. burglars would not call to inform people they are breaking in.  jason held the door for the woman entering before him. he didn't have to hold the door for someone passing before him. one cannot hold a door for someone entering in front of them.  "jason cannot hold the door, he should open it". the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup. a mirror in the bathroom got fogged up usually because the air is humid and warm. the mirror should only fog up when hot water is running.  after applying makeup mirror won't get fogged. the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior. a security guard won't let anyone who's behaving strangely pass easily. sneaky behavior would get you stopped by security. sneaky behavior would not give someone a pass from security.  the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted. the steering wheel controls the direction of the car. rotating the steering wheel would turn the car. by rotating steering car wont halt. my shirt was tidy so i ironed it. to iron clothes is to make them tidy. shirts that are messy are ironed. "this statement is against common sense because if your shift is already tidy, there is no reason to iron it.". the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home. a hospital aims to help people no matter how bad the situation is. hospitals sent home patients who are getting better. "if he's worse, he needs to stay.". we found no seats in the theater so we sat down. people are not allowed to sit on places other than seats. theaters never allow people to sit down. "if there is no more seat in the theaters, there will be no more seats available to sit down on". the woman received an admission after she graduated. after admission a student needs to gain several credits to graduate. you don't need admission i you've already graduated.  no one gets admission after graduated from college.  emily came upon a river on the sidewalk. a river is too big to be on a sidewalk. "this statement is against common sense because you don't just come upon a river on the sidewalk, as the sidewalk is on dry land and water is not.". a river doesn't come to sidewalk. she covered her ears at the smelly smoke. people can't sense any smell with their ears. ears are use for listening to sounds and the smoke will be detected by our nose.  ears don't smell smoke. the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor. the audience liked a comedian with a sense of humor. an audience does not boo an act if they are enjoying it.  a comedian should be praised if he/she is funny. the coach gave the referee a high five. a referee doesn't usually interact with a coach. the referee is not part of the team. coach and referee cant give high five they are opposite. bob said my breath smelled of garlic so i wiped my mouth. a breath came from inside the mouth. "this statement is against common sense because wiping your mouth cannot take away a certain smell, perhaps brushing your teeth could.". wiping your mouth doesn't get rid of bad breath. alex was lost so he drew a map. a lost man can't draw a map. a lost person would probably not be able to draw a map to help themselves.  he didn't know where he was.  tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door. gas pedal controls the oil tank of the car. you do not push the gas pedal to open a car door. "the gas pedal makes the car go forward, not open the door". sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered. if evidence is discovered the truth will be discovered. evidence should incriminate sarah. "new evidence would help convict someone of a crime, not acquit them.". i wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off. words are printed on books and they will not be wiped off. "while wiping any book with tissue, words will not come out". book ink is tough and a tissue would not wipe it off.  the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in. gum is indigestible so people usually don't swallow it. "someone caught chewing gum in class would likely be asked to spit it out, not to swallow it.". swallow a chewing gum is dangerous to health. . jane brought her id so she was denied entrance into the bar. people should be allowed to enter a bar with their id. id is specially for meant for entering a premisis. proof of id would grant her entry into the bar.  a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it. a crater formed when a larger substance comes into contact with a smaller substance. a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it. crater cannot be formed on the  moon by a passing comet.  the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation. to maintain one's reputation he should use his real name in charity. being a benefactor typically results in a positive impact on a person's reputation.  benefactors are recognized to maintain their reputation. janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face. a smile is a natural expression so it shouldn't be ashamed of. a smile would not cause someone to feel shame.  smiling is a sign of happiness and should never been a thing to be ashamed. the x-ray showed that his arm was painted. an x-ray can't detect people's skin. "this statement is against common sense because the x-ray would not be able to show paint on the outside of the skin, as x-rays are used to see bones within your body.". x-rays show broken bones. the boy filled the bucket with air. air is everywhere so it's already in a bucket. air will not fill a bucket. "this statement is against common sense because you cannot fill a bucket with air as the air is already existing around everything, and it's not something you can ""fill up"".". taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience. an older version of computer hardware is usually less efficient. downgrading hardware means you are getting worse experience. "this statement is against common sense because when you downgrade something, it typically means the quality or experience is decreased.". after a religious awakening she began to travel around. travelling around is not a sign of religion. she can travel even without religious awakening. traveling is not related to religion. i threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered. it was unnecessary contents that made the drawers cluttered. drawers cannot become clutter with contents.  "throwing away items would create space, not clutter it up.". the student flaunted his test grade to his pets. someone's pets don't understand his show-off. his pets will not know what he is talking about. pets do not understand test grades. the boy felt homesick at his parent's. homesick is a longing for one's home during the absence from it. homesick is missing their parents. the boy felt homesick at a stranger's house.  she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky. a rocket requires some time to be assembled. a designed rocket will never fly. rockets don't fly they launch. the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up. to murmur is to make a soft and indistinct sound. murmuring would be low voiced.  a murmur is quiet.  he put the tree he just bought into the vase. a tree is too large to be put into a vase. a vase can hold some flowers only.  a tree would not fit in a vase.  the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman. blush is from inside while lipstick needs to be applied. lipstick on someones cheek does not imply that he blushed in front of a woman. "lipstick is worn on the lips, rouge is worn on the cheeks.". the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish. seed grow at a normal rate in soil without additives. plants grow from seeds they do not make plants grow.  you put seeds in soil to make plants grow. the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary. the effect of dirty water is the same as clean water. a pipe would burst because the pipe was frozen.  pipes burst because of water pressure. the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews. positive consumer reviews lead to more buyers therefore increase the sales. if it has positive reviews it should make money.  positive consumer feedback would be likely to increase a company's revenue.  ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist. if he skipped the appointment with his dentist his toothache may not relieve. ben woke up with toothache so he has an appointment with his dentist.  if we have tooth ache we have to fix an appointment not to skip. the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee. a referee didn't play for any side of the game. the referee isn't a player. injury of referee  doesnt affect the game only players will affect. children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated. animated movies are usually for kids. animated movies are meant for children. animated movies are primarily for children. paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1. an important email shouldn't be deleted because the information would disappear. paul deleted the important email for it's false.  "this statement is against common sense because if the email was important, paul would not have deleted it.". the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam. "each answer was worth several points and if it's incorrect, the points will be subtracted". incorrect answers mean lowers scores. there's no reason for an incorrect answer to result in a higher grade.  the toddler started crying with his favorite toy. the toy one liked most would please him. he wouldn't cry if it was his favorite toy. "if i toddler has his toy, he is happy and will not cry". monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up. the top of a slide is usually the tallest place on the slide. "you cannot push yourself, but you can only fall off.". "you slide down slides, you don't climb up". humans fly in the sky. humans do not have wings. humans can't fly.  humans can't fly. he eats a table for dinner. people cannot eat table. people do not eat tables because they are not food.  you can't eat a table.  i write with a comb. comb cannot leave a mark on the paper. a comb is not a writing utensil.  "this statement is against common sense because you can not write with a comb, as a comb is using to brush your hair and it does not have any ink or lead in it.". he peels an apple with cotton. cotton is not sharp enough. cotton is too soft to peel anything. cotton is to soft to peel an apple. i enjoy dancing shows in radio. radios do not have screens. he was enjoy with dance show in radio. radio is just audio and it's not possible to see if anybody is dancing.  strikes will bring convenience to people's lives. strikes sometimes paralyze many living facilities. strikes are not convenient. "strikes cause inconveniences, such as interruption of public services". you give objects when you go shopping. sellers are usually the one who give objects. this statement is against common sense because you receive objects when you go shopping.  you buy objects when shopping.  he runs errands to spend money. you usually get paid for running errands. running errands is to get items. spending money no need to run. "if you want to get a question, you will use a calculator". people only use the calculator to get an answer when they have a question. calculator gives answer of your questions not question. against commmonsense because get a question no need calculator.  you will sleep more if you want to get somewhere. sleep will not enhance your academic education. getting somewhere requires to be awake. sleeping gets you nowhere.  you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle. war is dangerous and can refresh people. "one would be alert when entering a battle, not sleepy.". you feel alert when you advance into a battle.  you would cool off because you want to feel more exciting. coolness is not exciting. iam not tensed when i was excited. cooling off means calming down. you would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends. school doesn't offer drinks to people. you don't drink at school. a school would never allow students or staff to drink on the premise.  he closes his eyes while reading a magazine. you cannot see anything with closing eyes. closing one's eyes would restrict their ability to read.  it is impossible to read with eyes closed. you would buy something big because you want to carry it with you. it's inconvenient to carry something big. something big cant be carried with us. big things are hard to carry. usually you need to invite animals to a party. people usually have a party with other people. animals do not receive party invitations.  animals are not invited to parties. he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital. hospital doesn't have a cost of admission. hospitals do not have an admission fee.  it doesn't cost anything to be admitted to the hospital; you pay insurance afterwards.  he danced to ride his bicycle. dancing cannot make the bicycle move. you do not dance to ride a bicycle. dancing does not enable one to ride a bicycle.  he used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef. torch give out a quantity of heat. a torch is hot it would not cool the beef.  torches do not cool things. "i'm too full for lunch, so i'm going to eat more". people cannot eat anything when they full. you stop eating when you're full. "fullness causes people to stop eating, not to eat more.". today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand. people can understand better the knowledge which is easy. "if something is simple, it will be easy to understand". if it were simple you'd understand it.  people usually read books they are not interested in. people are more willing to do things of interest. people are usually interested in books they elect to read.  people don't read books that bore them.  you can practice english by speaking more spanish. spanish differs from english. "by speaking more spanish, one cannot practice spanish and not english". spanish isn't going to help you practice english as they are diferent languages.  it is especially good to harm a child. it's wrong to hurt others. harming a child is not good. children are tender so we should be kind to them. you would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate. your friend will make you unhappy if he likes someone you don't like. "having friends is not about hating the same people, it's about sharing your common interest and having each others back". one's friends don't usually like their enemies.  babies are bigger than adults. babies occupy less space than adults. adults are full grown and babies are not.  "this statement is against common sense because babies are absolutely not bigger than adults, as they are infants and weigh less than 10lbs.". you are likely to find a bird in a burrow. birds live on trees. birds are not found in burrows.  "bids live in nests, not burrows". something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead. not answering questions does not kill people. you don't die from answering questions. "that is highly unlikely, answering questions is seen as safe". you would go to a film because you want to be nervous. film make people happy. you would go to a doctor if you want to cure nervousness. seeing films is a leisure activity and do not make people nervous.  standing in the snow makes you feel hot. the temperature is low on snowy days. it's cold when it snows.  snow is cold. boats sail on the sky. "a ship has no wings, so it cannot fly in the sky". boats don't fly.  aircraftss fly on the sky.  i feel dirty after taking a bath. taking a bath is used to make people clean. baths make you feel clean. you are clean after taking a bath.  everyone has the same skin color. there are different colors of different races. human beings will have different skin colors. people have many different skin colors.  harder tires grip better in wet weather. harder tires friction is small. "this statement is against common sense because wet weather causes all tires' performance to decrease, due to the ground being wet and slippery.". harder tires are slicker during wet weather. disabled people's life is convenient. disabled people cannot do some normal things. because they have major limitations compared to normal people. this statement is against common sense because having a disability is not a convenience as the disability inhibits something you normally would be able to do.  often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy. do not eat breakfast will make people malnutrition. "by eating regular breakfast, one will be healthy". if people didn't eat breakfast often how will they become healthy.  most boys make up. boys do not like to make up. girls using make up form the majority. boys dont do make up girls only do.  human beings should destroy the environment. human beings need a good environment to survive. human beings should save the environment not destroy the environment.  humans should be encouraged not to harm the environment.  people should play pirated games. it is against the law. it is considered stealing to use all pirated products. pirated games are illegal. "i did not water the flowers, so it opened very well". flowers need water to live. "flower would die, not open, if not watered.". flowers need water to bloom. i want to go out for a picnic in bad weather. only in fine weather you can have a picnic. picnics are outside in nice weather. picnics in bad weather would be awful and nearly impossible. "cooking is a very boring thing, so i like it". people do not like things they are not interested in. "someone would not like a boring thing, they would like an entertaining thing.". if something is boring you don't like it. "i never exercise, so i am very healthy". doing exercise make people healthy. never exercising is not a way to get healthy. people who do not exercise are unhealthy. eating a lot makes me thin. eating a lot makes people store fat. eating a lot make heavy/fatty  not thin. "eating a lot will make you big, not thin.". i want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short. a haircut shortens a person's hair. cutting your hair will not make it longer. "haircuts are used when hair is long, not short.". i like to fail. failure make people depressed. "nobody likes to fail, everyone would love to be succesful". nobody wants to fail. a winter day would make you want to fly a kite. winter is cold to get out. it would be too cold to have fun flying a kite.  it would be impossible to fly a kite in the snow .  you are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store. furniture stores do not sell bread. bread could be found only in bakeries. you are likely to find furniture in a furniture store. he put a basketball in the printer.  there is no room for basketball in the printer. a basketball does not belong in a printer.  basketballs don't go in printers. you parked the boat in the garage. the boat cannot park in a garage because it is no water there. a boat will not fit in the garage .  my garage is not in river.  a lot of people get hurt in sleep. "normally, sleeping is safe for humans". it's almost impossible for someone to get hurt in their sleep because they aren't doing anything.  "sleeping is safe, you do not move in your sleep". it is normal for people to use radio to play games. there are few games on the radio. you cant play games on a radio. radio is for listening music and news not for playing. the space shuttle needs water to fly. water cannot give enough power to push the space shuttle. "this statement is against common sense because space shuttles go into the air, where there is no water unless it happens to be raining.". space shuttles do not need water. your father gave birth to you. the male cannot conceive. father's can't give birth.  fathers do not have babies. he usually goes to the gym to sleep. people seldom do that. gym is especially meant for exercising.  you go to the gym to work out. people often go swimming in a car. there is no water in a car. in car we can go only driving. people go swimming in pools. he uses a stone to clean himself. the stone is too hard for that. water is used for cleaning. scrubs are used to clean ourselves. he cooked a meal in a paper pot.  paper cannot withstand the heat of the fire.  paper pots soak easily while cooking. paper pot will burn if we cook in that. people usually dream when they are awake. people cannot dream without sleeping. dreaming only occurs in sleep so it's impossible to dream while awake.  people dream when they are asleep. he uses a lot of water to post a message. water can not be used to communicate with people. one sends message not by using water. this statement is against common sense because water can not be used post a message.  students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping. sleeping is not helpful for the education. "this statement is against common sense because students can only enhance their academic abilities by learning and being hands on, not by sleeping.". by sleeping we cant enhance any abilities. he uses water to warm himself. water does not have enough high temperature.  "water cools a person off, does not warm them.". heat is used to warm ourselves. he is drunk because he sleeps a lot. sleeping cannot make people drank. excess sleep does not cause drunkenness.  sleeping does not make people get drunk.  he braked with his left foot while driving.  the brakes are on the right side of the cab.  brake is always on right side and should be applied using right foot. that would require driving with your feet crossed. he drinks oil when he is thirsty. oil does not quench people's thirst. oil is not for drinking. water is used to drink when thirsty. eating more vegetables will kill people. vegetables are nutritious and healthy. no one sells vegetables that kills. eating vegetables is good for you. getting enough sleep can make you exhausted. sleep can make people rest and not feel tired. this statement is against common sense because getting enough sleep usually means you are well rested.  one can feel fresh after having enough sleep. cutting short strings makes the guitar sound. you can't play the guitar without strings. guitar sounds are not made by cutting short strings. cutting strings does not make a sound. pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes. ink stains clothes. in washing machine we have to pour washing liquid not ink. detergent powders are used to wash clothes. dieting is a way to gain weight. "if you eat less, you will lose weight". you generally lose weight when dieting.  dieting would help someone lose weight.  most people work to spend money. workers will be paid after working. this statement is against common sense because most people work to earn money.  people work to be able to save money for the future. males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation. males cannot conceive. it is females not males who become pregnant and give birth to offspring.  "males don't get pregnant, womens do". divergent attention improves learning efficiency. distraction can make people careless and inefficient. divergent  decrease the learning. "when a person is not paying attention, they will not learn anything.". gravity can start an electronic device. electronic devices need to be energized to start. "this statement is against common sense because gravity is not electricity, therefore it cannot start an electronic device.". gravity doesn't do anything to electronics. . people usually have breakfast after lunch. lunch is later than breakfast. "breakfast is eaten before lunch, not afterwards.". "breakfast, or break fast, means 'breaking fast,' is the first meal of the day upon awakening.". he took a nap in the sink. the sink is too small and dirty to sleep in. you cannot nap in a sink. you can't sleep in a sink.  students usually give lectures to teachers. the teachers' duty is to teach students. students listen to lectures from teachers.  only teachers give lectures not students. cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on. too bright lights can affect the effect of a movie playing. cinemas play movies with lights off. this statement is against common sense because cinemas only play the movie once the lights have been turned off.  he filled the car with water and drove off. water usually doesn't start a car. "if a car was filled with water, the driver would drown and never be able to drive off.". car cannot run in water in fuel tank. she often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her. competitiveness comes when two people are equally successful. a person would most likely compete with those who are equal or better than them.  competition requires people who are at least as good at something as you are.  he threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants. elephants do not live in the lake. elephants are land mammals and do not live in lakes. one throws hook into lake to catch fish and not elephants. i need newspapers to translate languages i don't understand. newspapers have no function of translation. newspapers dont translate anything. newspapers doesn't translate languages. swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets. "down clothes will sink when they are wet, which will affect athletes' performance". swimmers in competition wear swim suit.  swimmers do not wear down jackets at all while swimming. she often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime. no stars are visible during the day. stars are not visible in the sunlight.  stars are not visible during the daytime. he communicated with his friends by newspapers. people don't use newspapers to communicate. why would he communicate with his friends by newspapers? he could easily communicate with them in other ways.  he can communicate with his friends by just talking to them by phone. arguing is a way of expressing love between couples. "when arguing, both sides are usually very angry". arguing is not a way of expressing love. arguing destroys love between couples. households get dirty after housework. the housework is for cleaning furniture. households get clean after housework. "housework is a way of cleaning up one's house, not making it dirty.". "in most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries". customs will not check the drivings license when people enter or leave the country. "you usually need a passport to travel between countries, not a drivng license.". a driving license is not needed to travel to any country. people usually go to bars for milk. bars mainly sell drinks. milk is not served in bars. "people do not go to bars to drink milk, they go and drink alcohol at bars". students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom. the back rows of the classroom are too far from the platform. this statement is against common sense because students with poor eyesight should be sitting in the front of the classroom.  poor eyesight student can't clear see from long distance without spectacles. "if you think tv programs are too loud, you can increase the volume". raising the volume will make the voice louder. increasing volume would not make something quieter.  "if someone thought tv programs were too loud, they would turn the volume down, not up.". . usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game. because teams with low scores usually don't perform as well as their opponents. the higher score in basketball wins the game. lower scores are the ones the loses. he wrote a book review before reading the book. you can't evaluate a book without knowing its contents. you can't review a  book if you haven't read it.  reviews can be wtriiten only after thorough reading. people usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot. the other side of the earth is too far away. it requires air or sea transportation to go to the other side of the world.  "this statement is against common sense because it would be nearly impossible to travel to the other side of the earth on foot, especially because there are multiple bodies of water across the globe.". "if you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear". "if you lose too much weight, you'll get smaller". clothes could be worn easily if weight is reduced. you're clothes won't fit if you lose weight. people usually cry after hearing a funny joke. people laugh when they find it funny. people usually laugh after hearing a joke.  after hearing joke all will laught wont cry. a new hairstyle will give me the same look. different hairstyle looks different. a new hairstyle will change your look. "a new hair style would change your looks not make it the same, that's the point with a ""new"" hairstyle". too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease. nicotine in cigarettes is harmful for the lungs. smoking is injurious to health. pulmonary disease is caused by smoking.  "when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border". your car may be inspected in many cases. while inspection we can't drive. cars are inspected for all diferent types of reasons. "it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry". wind doesn't have much to do with humidity. the desert is not dry because of the lack of wind.  the wind blows often in the desert.  usually there are many elephants in malls. elephants can only live in the zoo or the wild. elephants will be in jungle not mall. there are only non-living things in malls. milk is from milkers' body. milk is milked by milkers from cows. milk is from cow's body not from milker's body.  milk comes from cows. chicago is the gdp of a city. gdp is an economic indicator. he  is the gdp of a bigg city chicago. chicago is a capital not gdp. you can set cheese to catch the mouse. cheese is harmless to mice. cheese would be bait for a trap to catch a mouse.  "a mousetrap is needed to catch a mouse, not just cheese.". i put my clothes in a shoebox. shoebox is used to put on shoes. you put shoes in the shoe box and clothes in the closet. shoebox is for keeping shoes not clothes. this car is too cheap for tom to buy it. a low price is not the reason people don't buy something. too cheap cars are easy to buy. cheap cars are appealing to buyers. people can pick watermelons off from trees. there are no watermelon trees in the world. watermelon do not grow on tree so people cannot pick them off from trees. watermelons do not grow on trees.  the color of the banana is banana. banana can mean a kind of fruit but can't mean a kind of color. yellow is the color of a banana.  banana is not a color.  this plate tastes very good. no one can eat the plate. plates cant be tasted foods to taste. no one eat plates to taste. i'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash. my fear can't lead to the plane crash. hundred of people would die if a plane crashes. the plane will not crash because you are afraid. a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep. cows and sheep are animals and can't be planted. cows and sheep can't be planted.  "this statement is against common sense because a farm cannot grow crops of animals, as farms grow crops of vegetables or fruit.". "if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant". going to a restaurant is not the only way to have lunch. one does not have to go to a restaurant to have lunch.  restaurants are not the only place where we can get food.  most people use arms to walk. arms are not suitable for walking. most people can't walk with their arms.  we will fall flat on our face. silk is a common material for wedding rings. wedding rings are made by metal and diamond. wedding rings are commonly made of gold. wedding rings are made up of precious metal not silk. he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert. boat needs water to float. floating on the desert is impossible. he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the beach. "if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot". a pilot is very likely to be unable to give you right advice about travel. one doesn't need to talk to a pilot to travel.  "pilots are only in charge of driving  the plane.""hitid". you can jump out of a window if the window is closed. closed window will block the way you jump. "you would be able to jump into a window if it was closed, but it must be open in order to jump out of a window.". "if a window is closed, you cannot jump through it.". you need to have a dream first then you can awake. you can also wake up if you fell asleep but no dreams. dream is apart from awakening. dream will come in the sleep.  a thief stole my finger. a finger is a part of a human and can't be stolen. it is impossible to steal a finger because it is connected to your body.  a person cannot steal a finger.  tom caught a big tiger in the sea. "tiger live in the land, no in the sea". tigers are not found in the sea.  tigers live on land and cannot be found in the sea. i'm dirty now so i need to have lunch. lunch can't make you clean. lunch can't remove dirt.  when dirty one will take bath. i can hear the light from the moon at night. light has no sound and can't be heard. one cannot hear sound from the moon. you cannot hear light.  he is rude to others so he has many friends. people don't like being treated rudely. you do not make friends being rude. rude people are not usually popular with others.  they put out a fire successfully with kerosene. kerosene is flammable. a fire cannot be put out with kerosene. kerosene is flammable and would make the fire grow.  i often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery. the gallery is the place to exhibit paintings. movies are not played in a gallery. in the gallery we can watch photos.  the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning. a plate is too shallow to hold the coffee. "servant can serve coffee every morning, not waiter.". a plate is flat and is not able to hold coffee. the car broke down so i lifted the window to check it. check things under the window can't help you find the reason. the normal thing is to raise the hood to see the engine. for car brake down we have to lift engine cover not window. smelling an apple every day can be good for your health. we can't get the nutrition in the apple by smelling it. the body does not intake nutrients or health benefits from smelling foods.  just by smelling an apple health can not improve.  we use walls to let the light shine into the house. light can't penetrate the wall. walls are not used for shine the house.  we use windows to let the light shine into the house. we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary. what recorded in the diary is not a future event. no one can predict what will happen in future. diaries are memories not predictions. i parked my car on the highway. parking on the highway violates traffic regulations. cars cannot be parked on a highway.  a highway is where cars are being driven and not where they are to be parked.  i learned to play basketball to enjoy music. basketball is not a kind of instrument. learning the basket ball used for only play. music has nothing to do with basketball.  microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker. microphone is not a character of a person. microphone is not a character. microphones are a tool not a character. people often sleep with their shoes on. sleep with shoes on is very uncomfortable. shoe is not an electric material to keep it on. people are used to take their shoes off to sleep. humans can fly with wings. humans don't have wings. "humans do not have wings, therefore they cannot fly.". humans are not bird to fly. laziness is one of the reasons people travel. lazy people can't complete things that travel needs. people travel not for laziness but for rest.  travel needs energy. lazy people dont want to travel. two people who hate each other will kiss. kissing is a way to express intimacy rather than disgust. people who like each other will kiss. people kiss when they love each other. a first class airline seat is for fat people. first class seat is more expensive. not all fat people are rich. a first class airline seats are only based on amount. alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it. the boss will be unhappy for employees being late. the boss should be angry about that. boss was angry when she came late.  he swims in his own bathtub every day. bathtub is too small for swimming. a bathtub is not big enough to swim in.  bathtubs are too small to swim in. the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history. an invitation is asking someone to come to a social event. "telephone is the invention, not invitations.". "the telephone is an invention, not an invitation.". i poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast. kerosene is not humans' food. kerosene is a fuel it can't be added in food. kerosene is toxic to humans and is not food. he is a pitiful person because he has no debit. no debit is a thankful thing. you do not need to have debit to be an acceptable person.  pitiful is different from debit.  the food tastes very bad and i enjoy it very much. no one will enjoy food tastes bad. can't enjoy when the food taste is bad. when food taste bad you will not be happy. the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam. the bar is often too noisy for people to concentrate on preparing for exam. the bar is very loud and crowded.  the bar is a very noisy place. "if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu". the menu is used to order food not to cook food. a recipe is used for cooking. following a menu doesn't mean you know how to cook.  nearsighted people need glasses to sleep. people don't need to see things clearly when they are sleep. people take off their glasses when they sleep.  glasses have nothing to do with going to sleep.  many precious stones are used in cooking. human can't eat stones. stones are not made to eat. stones aren't edible. we built up an army to protect the enemy. the army is used to destroy the enemy. you protect yourself not the enemy. army build to protect people. "when you are drowning, a computer can save your life". "when you are in the water, a computer can't help you get back to the land". the computer is a lifeless object and can not save anyone. a computer cannot save a drowning person.  i shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention. loud voice will attract people's attention. "if you want to avoid getting someones attention, you would not shout at the top of your voice". we shout to grab the attention. i felt the building was shaking and then i realized it was rainy. usually rain can't shake the building. a building does not shake in the rain.  rain does not cause buildings to shake.  they gave me a crutch to sit when i came in. crutches are tools that help people to walk. crutches are used for standing. people use a crutch for standing or walking. children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age. people know how to cry since they were born. the first thing children do as babys is cry. children cry from the moment they are born. sleeping at night is for not being hungry. sleep can't make you full. being hungry is not related to the sleeping at night.  people have trouble sleeping when hugry. i will make sure the door is open when i leave the house. it's dangerous to leave the door open. you don't want anyone to come in when you're not at home. one should not leave the door open when leave the house.  i was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land. friends are people we like to stay with. seeing friends abroad makes people happy. you should feel happy and excitement after seeing a friend in a foreign place.  she had a bad day and she felt white. white can't be used to describe a person's mood. being white is not related to having a bad day.  in a bad day we can't felt white. "when my plants are dead, i water them". it's meaningless to water the plants when they are already dead. dead plants do not require water.  dead plants don't need watering. i enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much. there's no sunshine in the evening. there is no sunshine in the evening.  the sun goes down in the evening so it does not shine much. i was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday. i should be born later than my big brother. big brother born already.  your big brother can't have been born after you.  i kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match. kicking the teammate into the goal can't score in the football match. "you kick a ball into the goal to win, not a teammate". one can win the football match by kicking a ball to goal post.  it's really cold so i light a screen to get warmth and light. the heat from the screen is not enough to warm a human. lighting a screen doesn't get you warmer.  a screen cannot give warmness to protect from cold.  today i washed soup. soup is liquid and can't be washed. you eat soup. "you don't wash soup, it's already liquid.". i tripped on a rock and then flied. human can't fly. people don't fly when they trip. people do not fly.  i drove from china to the north pole. you need to take ship or plane to go to the arctic from china. you can not drive to the north pole from china.  that is a long drive and you would need to take a ferry. many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday. the cloud won't fall to the ground. the clouds show to the sky. clouds never fall down on the ground. a salesman can fool a product. a product doesn't have life and can't be fooled. you cannot fool an inanimate product.  a product is an inanimate object that cannot be fooled.  you can gather energy by taking exercise. taking exercise consumes energy. exercise actually expends energy.  exercise is to burn calories and not to gain energy. anything can't be bought for the high price. you can buy many things at a reasonable price. enough money can accomplish anything.  many things can bought high price.  i bought him knowledge. knowledge can't be bought. knowledge was not an object to bought. no one can buy knowledge.  i left my car in my wallet. a car is too big to put in a wallet. a car is to big to be inside of a wallet. i left my wallet in the car.  you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish. fishing doesn't require a swimsuit. you do not have to wear a swimsuit to go fishing.  you dont need to wear a swimsuit to go fishing. we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic. referee's duty is to oversee the game. we need a referee to ensure the game is win or loss not fantastic. "referees enforce the rules, they don't affect the quality of the game". i send my new book to hospitals to sell it. people don't buy books in hospital. one would not sell books in hospitals.  in hospital we can't sell books. i caught this rabbit on the moon. there's no life in the moon. rabbits are not on the moon. there are no rabbits on the moon. "when i am not fit, i will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor". there's no doctor in pharmacy. pharmacy don't have a doctor. "in the pharmacy there is no doctor, only in clinics and hospitals". we can find sugar in ocean water. there is no sugar in ocean water. "ocean water has salt, not sugar, in it.". sugar is found in the kitchen.  a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today. microphones don't have life. microphones can not listen to speeches.  "microphones are used to record, not to listen". i lost my car in the traffic jam. i can't lose my car when i'm driving. "if you were stick in a traffic ja, you would be stuck in your car.". you can't park in the traffic jam. the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful. feeling regretful for being sent to prison makes sense. regretfulness has little bearing on a criminal being sent to prison.  "by sending anyone to prison, he can not be regretful.". the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian. comedians' job is to make the audience happy. the laugh & clapping hands is  the best encouragement for the comedian not the cry. usually comedians make the audience laugh. i had a sleep to lie in the bed. you don't need to have a sleep before lying to bed. you cant lie to the bed. we only dream when we are in bed sleeping. i felt very nervous after taking the midterm. you don't need to feel nervous since the exam is over. a midterm is not a tangible object.  normal seriously calculate after taking calm medication. throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container. something you don't understand may still be useful. "you should recycle, not just throw things away.". you can't throw thoughts into the trash container.  you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game. audience of baseball game don't need to play baseball well. to watch a game ther is no need to play it before. you don't need to play baseball to watch it.  every morning i read the news on the diary. things written in the diary is not news. in diary we cannot read the news.  the diary does not have the news.  soccer ball is a kind of sport. a sport is an activity. "soccer is a sport, a soccer ball is what you play it with.". soccer ball is not a kind of sport.  i buy this book from the library. books in the library are not for sale. you borrow books from the library. you can not buy books from the library.  drinking too much coffee can make you drunk. coffee is not a kind of alcoholic drink. coffee doesn't contains alcohol. coffee is not alcohol. i am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning. the alcohol in vodka will make people drunk and stupid. people usally drink a cup of coffee for waking up in the morning. "people drink a cup of coffee to wake up in the morning, not alcohol". grass is a common material for a bowl. grass is too soft to make a bowl. bowl does not contain any grass. grass does not go in a bowl.  i need to see a psychologist because i had violent stomach pains. psychologist can't cure physical illness. a psychologist doesn't treat stomach pains.  a psychologist does not give treatments for health issues. my lifestyle is green and i plant fertilizer every year. fertilizer is not a plant and can't be planted. fertilizer isn't planted.  a green lifestyle only uses organic waste. i bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema. a cinema is a place to play films rather than shooting films. you go to the cinema to watch a movie not act in one.  "you go to watch movies at the cinema, not to act in them". it's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland. a human is too heavy to ride a cat generally. we cant ride on a cat since it is small animal. cats are not to be ridden.  they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love. lovers always want to stay together. you enjoy staying together when you fall in love. "if they're in love, they want to be together". parents often use chocolate to punish their children. most children love eating chocolate. giving chocolate would be an award for children and not punishment because child likes to cocholate. chocolate is a treat not punishment. tom was very happy because he was bullied in school. victims of bullying will be painful. when tom bullied in school he will sad and nobody happy when bullied. if he was bullied he will be sad.  eating salty food would make you hungry. people will become full after eating food. eating food wouldn't increase someone's hunger.  "food still makes you full, even if its salty". using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient. washing machine is used to wash clothes. washing machine was used to wash cloths only. "washing machines are not used for washing vegetables, only for clothes.". i paid to grow longer hair. hair will grow longer without spending money. payment can not bring everything. hair grows wheter you pay or not. i have a basket for drinking water in my office. baskets have many gaps and can't hold liquid. basket does not hold the water. baskets can't hold water. we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking. using glue will make us can't take off shoes. "you tie your shoes to keep them from dropping, you don't glue them.". glue is only use for ensure the paper.  my dream is to be a teacher because i want to share my food. sharing food is not teachers' duty. you can share your food without being a teacher.  teachers do not share their food.  child need to be taught how to laugh. children are born with the ability to laugh. laughter is something everyone inherently knows how to do.  children naturally know how to laugh.  the taste in art is an objective matter. we taste art based on our own ideas. taste in art is subjective. "objective matters can be measured, but one's taste for art is not  measurable quantity.". the airport is one of the fastest things in the world. the airport is a building and can't move. "an airport does not move,". "the aeroplanes in airports are fast, not the building itself". the weight machine showed that i had grown taller. the weight machine can't measure a person's height. weight machine shows only weight not height. the weight measure only weight of the body. you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate. invigilation is the teachers' job. you do not need to supervise exams to graduate.  invigilate doesn't mean anything.  "because he is rich, he lives a frugal life". rich people don't need to live frugally. rich don't need to live frugal life.  rich can not live frugal life. i carried a fork to eat soup. fork can't hold liquid. cant eat soup with fork. a soup can be had by a spoon and not fork.  "to be a husband, you need to accept strict training". being a husband doesn't require special skills. you do not need formal training to be a husband.  husband is not a job to get trained. the dog barked all day and i had to wear nasal plugs. barking is not a kind of smell. "ear plugs are used to avoid hearing sounds, not nasal plugs". a person would wear ear plugs to block out noise.  i prepared a rocket to go to american. the rocket is used for space travel. one cannot make a rocket to go to american since american doesn't exist.  rocket cannot be prepared.  i will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm. eyeglasses can't be used to keep warm. thicker glasses will not make you warmer.  "glasses do not keep you warm, it is use to make you see better". i pulled the door shut with my eye. eyes can't move the door. "you use your hands to shut a door, not your eye.". door could be shut using hands. i used my third hand to lift my coat. human only have two hands. no one has three hands. people do not have a third hand.  cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes. socks are not worn on the hands. fingernails have nothing to do with socks having holes.  you don't wear socks on your hands.  after finishing all my work i felt very stressful. you don't need to feel pressure when you finish your work. you should feel relieved after finishing all your work.  one will feel stressful only if they dont finish their work. you can find clouds underground. clouds only stay in the sky. clouds are always in the sky. never underground.  "clouds are up in the sky, not underground.". we added steel to keep the fire burning. steel is not flammable. steel is not used for fire burning.  fire is burning only to add wood.  it's ok to go when the traffic light is red. a red traffic light means stop. you are only supposed to go on green.  in the traffic light red color denotes stop.  people in the desert often look forward to flood. flood is a natural disaster and nobody wants it. there is no reason to look forward to a flood because floods cause damage.  deserts do not usually flood.  my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool. swimming pools don't have the wave that surfing needs. "the swimming pool is for swimming, not surfing". swimming pools have no waves to surf. today i forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch. mouth is a part of the body and can't be forgotten. mouths aren't detachable.  don't bring the mouth because is the human organ. you need a compass to measure the distance. a compass is not a measuring tool. a compass does not measure distance. a compass does not measure distance.  her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me. being laughed at by others is a painful thing. a snide comment would hurt a person.  people are offended by negative comments on weight. the ground was covered by wind after the storm. the wind is made up of air and can cover nothing. the ground was covered by dry leaves after a storm. wind does not cover ground.  we can see different moon by traveling. there's only one moon in the world. the earth has one moon.  moon doesn't change. jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal. let others fall in love is not a crime. heart is not responsible to become anyone criminal.  stealing a heart is nearly impossible to physically do.  people smoke to get sick. nobody wants to get sick. people do not want to be sick. no people smoke to get sick. every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water. people wearing life jacket may still fall into the water. a life jacket wont stop you falling into the water but only stop you drowning. life jacket won't prevent a person from falling in water.  the drink is too iced so i dropped many ice cubes in. ice cubes will only make the drink more iced. you are not supposed to put any more ice cubes to a drink that is already too iced.  cold drinks doesn't need more ice. a good cooker can cook good food. cookers are tools to cook food. good is only prepared by a good cook. cooker is an appliance that alone cannot cook good food. we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village. there's no water in the wall. you dig in the ground to build a well.  we cannot dug the well on the wall.  he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly. smart people learn things fast. smart boys learn fast. smart boys do not learn slowly.  he can't walk with an injured hand. we don't use hand to walk. hands aren't used for walking. people don't use their hands to walk. i was so hungry that i ate the whole elephant. an elephant is too big for a human's stomach. a person can not eat a whole elephant.  elephant is huge for a human to eat. the chef is hired to eat food for customers. the chef's job is cooking. chef will prepare food for customers. the chef is supposed to cook food for the customers. he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone. it's very rude to yell at others. if anyone is yelling at everyone then he can not be nice.  nice people don't yell at everyone. my cat feeds me every day. animals can't prepare food for humans. people feed cats; cats don't feed people.  cats do not have the ability to feed people. i put on my clothes to take a shower. your body can't get clean with clothes worn. you don't shower with clothes on. when taking shower clothes have to be removed. tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning. a glass can't be reused after breaking in pieces. glass cannot be cleaned or reused after being smashed.  you can not use glass after it breaks.  i stored my boxes in a book. there's no space in a book to store boxes. books can't store boxes. the books are the ones that should be stored in the boxes.  you have to sing if you want to catch a fish. you can catch a fish without singing. there is no need to sing to catch a fish. you can't catch a fish by singing.  i need to go to the hospital to treat my tail. humans don't have tails. people don't have tails.  no human have tail in back. he got married and became a single man. married people are not single. single men aren't married. when he was got married he does not a single man. trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down. leaves have nothing to do with fixing trees. tree grow roots to prevent being knocked down.  leaves always fall down.  we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining. most people consider sunny day a pleasant thing. after many days of raining everyone will be happy to see that its sunny. "rain is depressing, sun makes people happy". i'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs. people can't walk in the handrail. elevators are used to upstairs. the handrail would be attached to stairs or you would not need one. i applied for the job to relax. work is a burden for most people. you dont usually relax at work. you don't work to relax. i bought a new toothbrush to clean my face. toothbrush is used to clean teeth. a toothbrush is used to clean teeth not the face. a toothbrush is used to clean teeth. i used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach. rain isn't the main cause of drenching on the beach. the beach is not usually visited in the rain. umbrella avoid drenching from only rain. i hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets. ticket windows don't buy tickets from customers. you buy tickets at a ticket window.  you buy tickets from the ticket window. bad luck is part of the reason i can succeed. bad luck leads to bad things. good luck is part of success. one cannot succeed if they have a bad luck. i connected to the hi-fi to shop online. people can shop online without the hi-fi. the hi-fi let you only listen to music. we have to get connected wi-fi to shop online. alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project. being in charge of a project doesn't need laziness. usually who is responsible is not lazy. its against common sense because being in charge of a project does not require laziness. it requires the opposite.  "as a butcher, i killed farmers every day". murder is against the law. butcher will cut only meat not farmers. "butcher kill animals, not farmers.". tomato paste is common in the bathroom. the tomato paste is mostly used in the kitchen. tomato paste is not necessary in bathroom.  tomato paste should be put in the kitchen.  my baby needs a bottle of beer every day. babies don't need beer. baby does not needs beer only milk. a baby should be drinking milk and not a beer.  he brought a moon for his wife. no one can buy moon now. moon is a planet that can't be bought. moons cannot be handled. tom hunted a bear in the library. the library isn't the habitat of bears. in library we can't hunt animals its a place to read books. library is not an area in which you can hunt. he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy. kitchen doesn't have sleep equipment. no one sleep in the kitchen. going to the kitchen won't happen because feeling sleepy.  he was very sad when his pay raised. have higher payment is a good thing. people are usually happy when they get a raise.  if pay raised we should be happy.  the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands. kangaroos stay in their mothers' pouch when they are young. kangaroos delivers the baby by themselves. kangaroos don't have hands. we always drink apples at breakfast. apples are not liquid. you can not drink apples.  you cant drink an apple. i felt energetic after having expired food. expired food is bad for health. expired food would make you feel sick. because expired food an make you sick.  a credit card allows me not to pay money. you need to pay money back to the bank after using a credit card. "you may not be paying money now with a credit card, but you sure will pay eventually.". the credit card is made for payments. i do homework every day to keep healthy. doing homework can't make you healthier. homework and staying healthy are never a same thing. homework doesn't contribute to health.  i built a car in the store. there's no equipment to build a car in the store. store is not the place to built a car. a car is built in a shop.  she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well. swimming is only a part of playing water ball. water polo need not to know swimming. it takes more than swimming to play water polo.  i swim well so i have an advantage in art. swimming is not a kind of art. swim will not help in art. swimming does not have anything to do with art.  her skin got whiter after sunbathing. sunlight can make skin darker. after sunbathing her skin would have got darker.  a tan makes your skin darker. i speeded up my car to park it. the faster a car runs the more difficult it is to stop it. "in order to park, a car needs to slow down". "to park a car, we slow down to a stop". i am looking for a new wife after being fired. what you lost is a job when you are fired. you don't find a new wife after losing a job. one does not look for a wife after being fired from a job.  you need hardware or software to surf the internet. we can't surf the internet with only hardware or software. you need both to surf the internet. software does not help you surf the internet.  i helped the robot to find its dad. robots are all from the factory. robot doesn't have father.  robots don't have parents. i prepared some fuel to power myself. humans don't eat fuel. you can not use fuel to power humans.  fuel is for cars.  policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home. criminals are punished by staying in prison. home does not have a jail. criminals go to jail. i will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if i'm alive. a person can't go to the hospital if he is dead. you cannot go to the hospital when you are dying.  you can't go anyware if you're not alive. i saw the sound of the birds. sound can't be seen. we cant see the sound . we can only hear the sounds not only birds but any sounds. you can't hear sounds. nurses take care of doctors. doctors don't need the care of nurses. nurses help doctors. nurses take care of patients. the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match. soccer field is used to play soccer. football isn't played in a soccer field. you are supposed to be watching a soccer match in a soccer field.  i called a taxi and paid for the car. taxi isn't a car for sale. if i called a taxi they why paid for a car. "when you use a taxi, you pay just for the ride". i keep things messy so that i can find something quick. it's difficult to find things in a mass. more clutter makes it harder to find things.  it takes more time to find something in a messy place. i wore my wedding ring on my left foot. ring should be worn on the hand. a wedding ring is worn on the left hand. wedding rings are worn on hands.  a ruler can help you do sums faster. rulers can't calculate numbers. "a ruler is used for measuring, not arithmetic.". a ruler can not add.  villagers planted a well to get water. the well is not a plant. "they can dig a well, but only a seed or plant can be planted.". "you dig a well, not plant it". i used steel to make a fish tank by myself. making fish tanks need transparent material. a fish tank is not made out of steel.  fish tanks are made of glass. i put my books in the wine rack. the wine rack isn't suitable for putting books. books go on a bookshelf not on a wine rack.  a wine rack is made to hold wine bottles.  everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her. we can't judge one's appearance by smelling. you can not be amazed from appearance by smelling a person.  an appearance is not related to smelling.  we need woods to produce erasers. erasers are made by rubber. we cant make eraser with woods. wood does not produce erasers.  i sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation. there's no sun light in the dressing room. dressing rooms don't get sunlight. "a dressing room, even one of those tent things out on the beach, is not something you can get on to.". a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes. clothes dry very slow in a damp environment. "you dry clothes when it is sunny day, not rainy.". wet is not suitable for dry the clothes. if you are robbed you should call the firefighter. firefighters are responsible for handling fires. "firefighter are called when buildings are on fire, not when you are robbed". firefighters don't help with robbery. he had an operation on his mind yesterday. the mind is not a human organ. no one can have operation on their mind. one does not have an operation on their mind. it is impossible.  the bait is a very common dish for coastal people. the bait is not food for people. "although it may be the same thing, the term bait is used for animals, while the term food would be more appropriate for people.". "you use the bait to catch fish, not to eat.". i see a duck diving in the river. the duck can't dive in the water. duck swim in the river.  ducks swim in a river. i spent more time on having fun so i had better grades. having fun can't help you study better. spending more time on fun wont help for better grades it will degrade. you'd have to spend more time studying to have better grades. elisa was terrified bitten by a book. a book cannot bite. becausre she is lazy. a book is a non living thing and does not have a teeth and cannot bite.  i use the fork to cut the beef. the fork is not suitable for cutting. fork is not made for cut beef. forks can not cut beef.  eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight. eating too much can't help you lose weight. eating too much gains weight. you can not lose weight by eating too much.  she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school. parents want their kids to go to the best school. she will be happy when her son gets admitted to the best school.  she would be happy if he was admitted to the best school. wine cellars are not just for drinking. wine cellars are used to store wine. you can't drink a wine cellar.  wine is just for drinking. my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills. stimulant pills will make people feel more excited. stimulant pill is not needed for someone not asleep. "stimulants make people alert and active, so grandpa would be unable to sleep after taking them.". i'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter. the policeman only handles crimes. only postman can mail the letter and not the policeman. "postmen help you mail letters, not policemen.". every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy. cats don't eat bamboo. cats do not eat bamboo. cats don't eat bamboo.  we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare. zoos also collect common animals. "by protecting pandas, the number of pandas will increase rather than decrease.". "we protect pandas because they are rare, not that they are rare because they are in zoos.". she can become a model because she is out of shape. a model needs a good figure. model should have fit shape.  to become a model you should not be out of shape.  she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets. salt can't make food sweeter. salt is not sweet. "salt is bitter, not sweet.". we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking. people can't hear others' mind. you aren't able to listen to what someone is thinking.  you cannot listen to and hear minds.  you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection. hats can't stop the infection. infection is spread through inner body. wearing a hat does not prevent the spread of infection.  i bought a razor for my mother as a gift. woman don't sprout a beard. usually would buy a man a razor not a woman.  females dont need to shave. you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing. the phone ringing means a call came in. when it rings you are supposed to pick it up.  you cant hang off a phone even when ringing. we agreed on a location before we had a call. calling doesn't require people to stay in the same place. "if you do not speak, you can not agree". "you can not agree to something with someone before you call someone.""hitid". the root shelters us from the rain. the root grows underground. a root is in the ground and helps plants collect nutrients and can't be used for shelter.  roots are in the ground and cannot shelter peoole.  we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant. ordering too much food will cause food waste. most people order just what they can eat in a restaurant.  it's a waste of money if you can't eat it all and have to throw it out.  muslims do not eat pork because of the taste. islam doesn't allow believers to eat pork. muslims don't eat pork because it's against their religion.  muslims do not eat pork because it is forbidden in their religion.  coca-cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name. people are attracted by the taste of the drink. coca cola was invented 132 years ago.  coca cola hasn't been around for hundreds of years.  i just can't balance myself to drive the car. driving doesn't require drivers to balance themselves. driving a car doesn't require balance.  you don't need to balance to drive a car.  he grew up one year younger after every birthday. people can't grow younger. you grow older not younger.  we get older on our birthday.  air conditioning can change the brightness effectively. air conditioning is not used for lighting. air conditioning affects the temperature making it cooler.  air conditioning doesn't change lighting.  i got married after i found out that my wife had cheated on me. no one will marry an unfaithful woman. discovering infidelity in a relationship would not usually lead to marriage.  you can't marry someone who is already your wife.  i used the water to pack the pork. only solid can pack things. water cannot pack anything as it is fluid. water cannot be used to pack pork.  i need toothpaste to take a shower. toothpaste is used to brush teeth. toothpaste is not necessary for a shower. you do not use toothpaste as body soap or water. the heroine kisses the audience in this movie. people in the movie can't interact with the audience. a movie heroine is not able to kiss a movie audience.  actors in a movie cannot kiss their audience as they are on a screen.  people in the desert don't need water. everyone needs to drink water. as desert is the dry area the people over there needs plenty of water to drink.  people in the desert need water not to dehydrate. queuing is a punishment for destroying order. people who haven't made mistakes should also line up. queuing is part of order.  queuing is basically putting things in order.  ears are the organs we use to breathe. ears are used to listen. there is no organ that we use to breath.  we listen with our ears. we planted mines for a better world. mines kill people and make the world worse. mines hurt people. mines are destructive not beneficial.  running can improve our thinking ability. running improves our athletic ability. running isn't a proven way to improve thinking.  running promotes physical health not mental health.  spring is the season of harvest. spring is the season of sowing. "spring is usually planting time, not harvesting time.". season of harvest is not spring. advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products. advertising is designed to attract people to buy products. advertising is used to market products to increase sales.  "advertising is to get people to want to buy the product, not tell you what's wrong with it". she employs a chef because she can't drive. the chef can't help her drive her car. "a chef's job is cooking, not driving.". a chef is a cook. it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother. speaking to mother is a normal thing. "having talks with parents is nothing out of the ordinary, and therefore isn't much of an honor.". talking to your mother would be normal not a great honor. he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation. people can solve simple calculations by ourselves. "if it is simple, you shouldn't need a calculator.". simple math can easily be done without a calculator. chatting with american is good for our chinese learning. american doesn't speak chinese. americans speak english.  american person does not help chinese learning.  farmers can pick up apples on the ground. books are not containers. apples grow on trees.  apples are grown up on the trees only. americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken english. standard english is easy to understand for americans. english is the first language in america. americans also known the standard spoken english. illness can be cured during routine physicals. routine physicals don't include any treatment. physicals check for well being not curing.  routine physicals do not cure illnesses.  i earned money by sleeping. nobody will pay you for sleeping. "no way to make money without producing, just sleeping". we earn money from the work that we are employed in.  my father found that he was pregnant yesterday. only women can be pregnant. males are not pregnant. men cant get pregnant. my nice wearing left a bad impression on him. people admire those wearing nicely. you don't wear nice.  wearing something nice would make a good impression on somebody.  my new day began with a beautiful afternoon. afternoon comes later than morning in a day. the day begins in the morning.  day begins with sunrise. i bought some beds to open a cafe. the cafe is not a place to sleep. "beds are not needed to open up a cafe, you should buy table.". "cafe's don't have beds, you don't sleep or lie down in a cafe.". rice is the main food for all the people. not everyone eats rice. rice isn't a main food for all people.  all people do not eat rice. the game company makes games for encouragement. people set up companies to make money. games are for fun not encouragement.  games are made for profit.  the shopping mall is filled with car parks. the shopping mall is mainly used for shopping. there are no car parks on the inside of a shopping mall.  "the shopping mall should be filled with shoppers, not car parks.". the poem used many beautiful pictures. a poem is made of words. poems use words not pictures.  poems dont use pictures. a wall without touching the sky is impossible. no wall can touch the sky. walls don't touch the sky. a wall cannot touch the sky.  the handle on the door is for decoration. the handle on the door is a very practical thing. handles are functional not decorated.  "a handle on a dorr helps open the door, it is not for pure decoration.". newspapers are printed by journalists. journalists write articles in a newspaper. "journalists write the contents of a newspaper, they do not print it.". a printer is the person who prints a newspaper.  i need to buy a cd to watch videos at home. a cd can't store videos. a cd isn't used for video.  "cds contain music, not videos". you can download a wrench on the internet to fix the windows. hardware can't be downloaded. physical objects cannot be downloaded from the internet. "wrenches are physical tools, not virtual ones.". i bought a headphone to share the music with others. the headphone is a private music player. one headphone won't allow you to share with other people.  headphones are used on your ears so only you can hear the music.  my parents went to the same public toilet just now. public toilets are divided by different genders. public toilets are usually separate for males and femals.  "men and women having two separate toilets, they cannot went same toilet". my mother asks me to litter my room every day. parents want their kids' rooms clean and tidy. rooms should be cleaned every day and not littered in.  "moms want rooms to be clean, not dirty.". programmers plant crops every day to earn money. programmers are not farmers. programmers design software not farm.  "programmers program computers and software, but do not plant crops for money.". you don't need learning to be a musician. musicians need to have a lot of professional knowledge. it requires year of learning and practice. a musician must learn music.  the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment. libraries are not used for sleeping. the library is a public place where it is frowned upon to sleep.  library is for reading. i'm writing code on the paper. code on the paper can't run. code is not written on paper.  code is written on a computer.  i used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly. plastic bags have caused many environmental problems. plastic bags are harmful to the environment.  plastic itself is not good for the environment.  we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight. the sun is on the other side of the earth in the night. there is no sunlight at night.  the sun sets at night making it dark.  soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle. fatigues are used to camouflage something. why do soldiers should be attractive in the jungle wearing fatigues this is against common sense.  fatigues help soldiers blend in with the environment they are in.  i gradually recalled something due to the memory decay. recalling something requires a good memory. "memory decay would cause one to lose memories, not help with them.". memory decay doesn't allow for recall.  japanese has borrowed heavily from barking. barking is not a human language. japanese cannot has borrowed anything heavily from barking.  barking is sound of dog.  i need a stamp to send this email. sending emails doesn't need stamps. you don't need a stamp to send an email.  "stamps are for standard mail, not electronic mail.". i encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness. walking alone in darkness is considered a dangerous thing. it's not considered safe to walk alone in the darkness.  "people, especially women, should not be encouraged to walk alone in the dark.". the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet. rain can't get into people's heads. your brain is inside your head and cannot get wet. your brain is completey covered by your skull and skin.  i can't live without snacks. you can eat other food to live. snacks are not necessities for life. a person can live without eating snacks.  "this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees". apples are what we need in apple trees. we don't pick leaves from apple trees.  the apple is the fruit that we harvest from apple trees.  stone can warp the paper. stone is not flexible. "stone cannot warp paper, water can". stone would likely rip through paper.  proper temperature can be found on the south pole. it's always extremely cold on the south pole. the south pole is incredibly cold. the south pole doesn't have so called proper temperature.  proper temperature can be found on the south pole. farther distance is a disadvantage. the south pole is incredibly cold. the south pole doesn't have so called proper temperature.  i felt happy again after eating terrible food. nobody wants terrible food. terrible food makes you feel bad which does not lead to happiness.  terrible food wouldn't cause happiness.  i need inspirations to clean bowls. cleaning bowls is not a creative work. cleaning is necessary and doesn't require inspiration.  cleaning a bowl does not require inspiration.  the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house. uniforms don't have any legal effect. searching house is not the police duty. wearing police uniform is not mean they have the right to search they wish. i lit my house to warm myself. i will have no place to stay if i burn my house. "you wouldn't light your house for warmth, but rather the fireplace within your home.". lighting your house will ruin your house.  the flowers are crying. only animals can cry. flowers physically can not cry.  flowers don't cry. we can talk with dogs. dogs can't speak humans' language. dogs cannot talk.  dogs cannot speak to us.  he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses. sunglasses are used in sunny days. sunglasses don't help with the rain.  you carry an umbrella for rain.  i brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty. brushing your teeth can make your teeth cleaner. you brush teeth to keep them clean. brushing teeth cleans them.  we can use fabricated data in scientific researches. scientific research should be realistic. scientific research uses true information.  fabricated data will cause research to be invalid. we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road. traffic lights tell us if we can go across the road. if you ignore traffic signals you could be injured or injure others.  it is dangerous to ignore traffic lights.  the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside. the city doesn't have the conditions for agriculture. "the countryside is agricultural, not the city.". buildings are found in cities.  we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people. dead people can't speak anymore. "you cannot talk to people that are dead, they do not respond.". the dead don't talk. my best friend was in my lost wallet. wallet is too small for a person. a human does not fit in a walet. your friend can't fit in a wallet.  "if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends". the thing we picked up doesn't belong to us. "if you find a wallet, you should return it.". "if someone retrieves someone else's wallet, it should be returned to them.". the climate is a part of a nation's culture. the climate is not created by humans. climate not depends on culture. climate doesn't generally have a huge impact on culture.  everyone has expensive fingerprints. no one will pay for fingerprints. an actual finger print does not cost anything. nobody pays for fingerprints because we are born with them.  my heads hurt. a person only has one head. people only have one head. people only have 1 head. i found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit. the lipstick is not a medical product. lipstick is not a first-aid item.  lipstick is not a first aid. i fed pork to my wheat. crops don't eat meat. wheat does not eat meat. wheat cant eat. my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer. plum blossoms only exist in winter. "plum blossoms do not blossom in the summer, they blossom in spring.". plums don't blossom in the summer.  i bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter. desert can't be sold in shopping malls. you cannot buy a land mass at the mall.  desert cannot be purchased by anyone as it is a type of place. low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat. low-calorie food provides less energy to people. people get fat by taking high calorie food not the low calorie food. only high calories make fat not low calories. the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed. chickens are not mammals. birds feed their chicks using their beaks.  chicken do not breast feed their young. humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology. advanced medical technology keeps more people away from death. medical technology has lengthened the human life.  medical technology has prolonged the lifespan of humans.  one day humans will settle on another star. stars are not solid objects. there is not another star fit for human life.  humans live on a planet. sailors work on the land. sailors work in ships and ships always float on the water. "sailors sail, on the water.". sailors work at sea.  teachers assign housework to the students. housework has little to do with what students learn in school. "teachers do not assign houseworks, they assign homework.". teachers assign homework.  appearance is not very important for actors. being actors has a high requirement for appearance. actors use apperance in an important way for their craft.  an actors appearance is very important to their role.  normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party. normal things can't attract people's attention. wearing something normal does not usually cause people to notice you.  if you are normal you don't stand out. wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect. a party hat shows disrespect at a funeral. a party hat would be inappropriate because funerals are not happy occasions.  it would be rude to wear party attire to a funeral.  you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice. nice dress will make one feel confident. dressing nicely will boost confidence.  every one feel good when dress is nice. i cut my hair longer at the barber's. we can't make hair longer by cutting. you cut things shorter. "cutting hair makes it shorter, not longer.". i can count the number of stars in the sky. there are too many stars to count in the sky. "there are innumerable stars in the sky, and the naked eye can't come close to seeing every star existing in the sky.". it is impossible to count the vast number of stars in the sky.  we can't breathe in the water because i don't have tails. the tail is not used to breathe. having tails won't help anyone breathe in the water.  tails don't impact breathing in or out of the water.  i could drink the whiskey on his breath. we can't drink other people's breath. you cannot drink breath.  "you can smell, not drink, an odor.". i sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend. the trunk is used for storage. you don't ride in the trunk of a taxi.  you don't sit in the trunk of a taxi.  chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers. gloves will make chefs' hands less agile. they should wear them while preparing food.  gloves are meant for weather not cooking. people go to jail because they don't want freedom. giving up the right of freedom is not the reason people go to jail. jails are for people who have committed crimes.  people go to jail as punishment due to committing a crime.  i saw snow in singapore in june. it's summer in june in singapore. it does not snow in singapore during june.  it does not snow in the summer.  an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days. we don't wear umbrellas. umbrellas keep you dry not warm. an umbrella does not provide warmth.  the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus. campuses are too small to use planes. airplanes do not fly close to buildings.  a plane is not used for transportation on campus.  fans were sad when their team scored a goal. scoring goals means your team can win the game. supporters were happy to see their team score. fans would celebrate a goal being scored.  i got a scholarship for cheating in the exam. people should be punished rather than rewarded for cheating. cheaters don't win. there's not a scholarship for cheating.  the hot weather made me keep bleeding. people only bleed when they are injured. "hot weather would make you sweat, not bleed.". hot weather does not increase bleeding tendency.  you don't need to try out products when you shop online. people do need to try out products when they are shopping. you can't try out products when you shop online. you should try out products regardless of how you buy them.  reading can make driving a joyful thing. drivers can't read books when they are driving. you cannot safely read and drive at the same time.  "when driving, we must focus our eyes on the road ahead of us.". everyone said i had two beautiful mouths. a human only has one mouth. humans have just one mouth.  people only have one mouth.  cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running. cat walking is used by models in the show. marathon is only depends by the persons confidants. cat walking has no positive effect on running a marathon.  both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies. the atmosphere in funerals is sad. funerals are sad events.  funeral is not a happy occasion. i often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when i was a boy. chalk is used to write on the blackboards. chalk is for writing on chalkboards.  chalk is not used on an ipad. his father died for giving birth to him. men can't have childbirth. fathers do not give birth. a father cant give birth. gardeners grow crops in gardens. growing crops is farmers' job. farmers grow crops. gardeners is always grow the garden's plants only. i use photoshop to change the color of my room. photoshop can't change the colors in the real world. photoshop cannot change the color of something in the real world.  photoshop edits images on a computer.  i can't forget the night that i saw cells with telescope. telescopes are used to observe things far away. a telescope cannot view cells. cells are watched through microscope. i burned myself accidentally when i was taking a shower. we don't use fire when we take a shower. "you cannot burn yourself when taking a shower, you would use while.". shower water doesnt get hot enough to burn. every time i hang out at the cinema i will get drunk. the cinema is a place for watching movies rather than drinking. public intoxication is illegal.  drinking at the cinema isn't possible everywhere.  i gave birth to my grandson. it's my children giving birth to my grandchildren. "it is highly unlikely to naturally conceive and give birth to your grandson,". "giving birth to him would make him your son, not grandson.". you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights. you need your passport only when you are abroad. you do not need your passport for domestic flights.  a passport is not needed for domestic flights.  i'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle. bicycles don't consume fuel. bicycles do not need gasoline.  bicycles don't need fuel.  i refused to drive after drinking gas. humans can't drink gas. gas is fuel for cars.  drinking gas would kill you.  mushrooms are a very rare dish in asia. most people can get mushrooms to eat easily. mushrooms aren't rare.  mushrooms are very common in asia. we can change our fingerprints when we want. humans' fingerprints can't be changed. fingerprints are the same from the time you are born. it is not possible to change our fingerprint. flu can spread easily through eye contact. the disease can't spread through eye contact. flu is spread through the air and through bodily fluid contact.  "the flu spreads by droplets, not eye contact.". my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time. only females menstruate. boys do not menstruate. men and boys do not menstruate.  waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering. waterfalls are not created by humans. waterfalls are usually a natural occurrence and not a result of engineering.  waterfalls are natural occurrences. i'm so busy that i haven't slept for two years. it's impossible for people not to sleep for two years. no one could survive without sleeping for two years.  the body could not go that long without sleep.  we can't breathe without the noses. we can also use mouth to breathe. we don't have multiple noses.  noses are not all we need to breathe.  i brought my friendship to float in the sea. friendship is not a ship. friendship cannot be floated in sea. friendships don't float.  he won a prize as best thief. no one will award the thief. thieves are convicted of crimes.  a thief isn't given a prize.  i don't know what's my real gender. people know their genders. "everyone knows what their gender at birth was, even if they do not later identify with it in any way.". you only have one real gender at birth.  joel said hello to his kids before traveling to africa. people say goodbye to each other when they are about to be separated. "when going away, you say ""bye"", not ""hello""". "joel would say goodbye, not hello.". you will find a payment counter in a police station. the police station is not a place of consumption. the police are not paid for their services by private citizens.  the police station does not have a payment counter. writing a story requires a beautiful voice. voice is useless in writing a story. you don't need a physical voice to write a story.  writing is prose not vocals.  a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place. life jackets are used to float in water. life jackets are for use in the water.  "a life jacket can stop you from drowning, but it won't help you in a fall from a high place.". i love my girlfriend and i want to break up with her. people don't want to break up with their lovers. if you love someone you wouldn't want to break up with them.  you dont breakup with someone you love.  humans can be identified by their unique names. different people may have the same names. many humans have the same names.  "human names are not unique, their fingerprints are.". it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up. the rain will bring water to the river. the river can't dry up during a long rain.  the river would flood with lots of rain.  i attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings. the concert is a music activity. concerts don't generally involve paintings but music.  concerts are for music.  music is a form of artist. artists are humans. an artist is a person.  music is not a person. a plastic stove is a heat source. plastic can't burn. a plastic stove is a toy. a plastic stove can not actually produce heat without melting.  "where knowledge begins, science ends". knowledge promotes the development of science. science is our main source of knowledge.  science is knowledge.  many animals eat air but humans don't. air can't provide energy. air is not a food or drink. air isn't edible. i need to bring my kitchenware when i go to the restaurant. i don't need to cook in the restaurant. the restaurant should provide kitchenware.  restaurants supply all the kitchenware you will need because they are preparing and serving the food.  i am so unlucky to find my true love. finding true love is a very lucky thing. finding your true love is lucky.  you would be lucky to find true love.  the sun rises sometimes in china. the sun shines on china every day. the sun rises every day for every country.  the sun rises all the time not just sometimes. i called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room. drug trafficking is illegal. drugs are ordered from a pharmacy.  a front counter would not ordinarily deliver drugs to somebody's room.  they have reserved a table for us in the theatre. reserving tables happens in the restaurant. in the theater there are only seats for reservations.  a theater usually only has seating and no tables.  i promised to help my boyfriend because i was too busy. being too busy can't be the reason you help others. you can't help anyone when you're too busy.  if you're too busy you won't have time to help your boyfriend.  football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves. short sleeves have poor protection. football players wear padding to protect themselves.  short sleeves will not protect you. i want to make an appointment for a facial last week. you can only make appointments for future events. it's impossible to go back in time to make an appointment. you can only make appointment for the future not for the past. plastic surgery is for health. plastic surgery can't make you healthier. plastic surgery is often elective and for cosmetic purposes.  plastic surgery is cosmetic. human liver is an expensive ingredient. human liver is not an ingredient. the human liver isn't an ingredient but an organ.  the human liver is not used as an ingredient.  some ingredients are expensive because it's common. easy to get will make things cheap. rare ingredients would be expensive.  common ingredients are inexpensive.  ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten. taking pictures can't make ingredients edible. just add the ingredients dont take pictures. ingredients do not require photographing before eating.  i was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good. people expect good things when the price is high. food that tastes good usually makes people happy.  you would be happy for tasty food. burying garbage is a green lifestyle. landfill will pollute the soil. "just burying garbage does not equate with a green lifestyle, you need to recycle.". burying garbage is the complete opposite of a green lifestyle.  thanks to the leather belt i survived in the car accident. leather belt is used for dressing. "seat belts are used in cars, not leather belts.". a leather belt wouldn't affect a car accident.  starving people care little about food sources. starving people need food sources to fill their stomachs. starving people worry about where to get food. a person that is starving is interested in food sources.  natural disaster will pity rich people. money is useless in natural disasters. natural disasters have no mind and can't pity or favor anyone or anything.  natural disasters dont have feelings. a campfire can be nice in a cold tent. the campfire will burn the tent. campfire cannot be done in a tent as it catches fire.  a campfire would melt a tent.  boys usually can't wear dress in china. skirts can be worn on boys. all boys are well dressed now a days. boys don't generally wear dresses anywhere.  i need fuel to power my smart watch. smart watches don't consume fuel. fuel is used to car not to watch. smart watch needs electricity to charge.  i spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet. sleeping can't help you get off the jet. sleeping has no effect on disembarking from an airplane.  you must be awake to get off the jet. gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day. watering the leaves is meaningless. water is needed on the roots of the tree which are underground.  gardeners would water the roots. i wanted to quit them because i enjoyed chatting with them. i can't chat with them if i quit them. if you enjoy them you would not want to quit. "if you enjoyed chatting with them you wouldn't want to ""quit them.""". he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman. homosexuals love people of the same gender. gay men love other men. a gay person is attracted to a person of the same sex.  weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance. cute appearance doesn't prevent weighing. weighing something has nothing to do with how it looks. wighing an elephant is difficult because of its size. the malignant tumor doesn't have fatal harm for you. the malignant tumor kills the patients easily. malignant tumors are often fatal.  malignant tumors are normally fatal. kids catch butterflies for food. butterflies are not food for human. butterfly is not an edible thing. butterflies are not edible. drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter. it's impossible for people to grow shorter. "drinking milk may help teenagers bones, but the teenager would not grow shorter.". milk is good for growing taller. i used to take notes on the pens. pens have no space to take notes. pen is used to write not to take something. you write with pens not on them.  i use a knife to eat rice. eating rice doesn't need to cut. "knives are used for cutting food or spreading things on to food items, not for eating rice or other foods.". a knife will not allow you to scoop any rice up.  students need to write their scores on the examination paper. scores are written by teachers on the paper. "teachers grade examination papers and write the score, not students.". "students write their answers, not scores.". perming will make your hair longer. perming can't change the length of hair. receiving a perm will not lengthen your hair.  curling your hair doesn't make it grow.  twins died on the same day. twins don't necessarily die at the same time. twins are born on the same day. twins are born on the same day to the same mother.  one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather. any things that are one kilogram are equally heavy. a kilogram of stone and a kilogram of feathers weigh the same.  no one measure the weight of feather. it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day. air conditioning can warm up a room. in cold weather a heater is used. air conditioning isn't needed when it's already cold.  we need different passports to visit different countries. one person only has one legal passport. you can visit different countries with the same passport.  no need to want multiple passport. people doing noble things are really selfish. noble things include unselfish things. noble things aren't selfish in nature.  noble deeds are selfless.  spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year. spring festival is the lunar festival. solar calendar new year wouldn't be in spring.  the new year on a solar calendar is not celebrated by a spring festival.  after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank. we can keep credit cards when we owe the bank. receiving a loan from a bank does not require a return of a credit card.  the credit card doesn't need to be given to the bank.  i always carry my desktop pc with me. desktop pc is too heavy to be carried around. a desktop pc is not portable.  there is no way to load a desktop because it is too large and unfeasible. nike printed the prices on the clothes. clothes' prices are printed on the price cards. nike wouldn't print their prices on clothes.  prices of clothes are printed on a tag that hangs on clothes.  i took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time. a photo can only record one moment of an action. taking one photo does not record an entire process.  when you record something it would usually be in video or audio format.  doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized. doctors need to be recognized by their patients. doctor masks dont cover the entire face. doctors wear masks to prevent the spread of germs.  i have more and more black hair as i get older. people will have less and whiter hair when they are old. "as we age, our hair turns grey.". "as you get older, white hair appears". believers have ever really heard or seen god. god doesn't exist actually. noone has ever seen god. you don't have to see or hear a god to believe in god.  wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings. slippers are too informal for weddings. slippers aren't worn to weddings.  the good choice for weddings are shoes. grasshoppers can be a water source. grasshoppers contain little water. "grasshoppers are small insects, they wouldn't be a good source of water". grasshoppers are insects and aren't a source of water.  a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days. you will get wet in open air park on rainy days. an open air park is wet on a rainy day.  you would not want to stay in a rainy park.  most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt. soil on the earth's surface is less than water. most of earth's surface is covered by water.  most of the surface is covered by water.  students attend concerts to further their education. most students can't be educated at the concert. concerts are entertainment and not a typical form of education.  attending concerts does not help students with their education.  language is the only way to communicate for human beings. people can communicate in many other ways. there are different ways for humans to communicate besides language.  "no, because there are several ways to communicate. for signs, photos, music and etc.". language remains unchanged as time goes by. languages will change to adapt to changes in the world. language keeps changing everyday. language changes over time.  a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter. coffee can't improve intelligence. coffee is a stimulant but doesn't make you smarter.  a morning cup of coffee does not increase intelligence.  i pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up. bicycles don't have accelerators. bikes don't have accelerators. bicycles are not motorized.  i ate iron to end my hunger pains. humans can't eat iron. pains cannot be stopped by eating iron as it is to be stopped by haivng pain killer. iron is not a food or drink. the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot. parking lot is used to park cars. the plane cannot be landed in the parking lot as it is bigger.  planes dont land in parking lots. "in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt". muscles develop very slowly in old age. our bodies do not improve with age.  "muscles experience a growth spurt in youth, not old age.". animals develop from seeds. animals develop from eggs. animals develop from embryos.  different types of plants are the only things that grow from seeds.  washing your car is for keeping it fast. car speed has nothing to do with its cleanliness. washing your car has no effect on the speed it can travel.  "a clean car has nothing to do with how fast it is""hitid". people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean. cleaning toothbrush doesn't need toothpaste. toothpaste was invented to keep teeth clean. toothpaste cleans teeth not the toothbrush.  you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money. drinks in vending machines are not free. vending machines accepts money then only you can buy. you have to pay money to buy a drink from a vending machine. movie stars often photograph others in public. it's weird for stars to photograph others. movie stars are the ones getting photographed.  movie stars are the ones being photographed in public. it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed. a funny joke should make people laugh. people only laugh when something is funny.  jokes are only funny when people laugh.  you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool. sharks don't live in the swimming pool. there are no sharks in swimming pools. sharks can't live in pools.  i finished my work while i going to sleep. people can't do anything else when they are sleeping. hmm while going to sleep you cannot do work and sentence is crammatically incorrect. you can't work while asleep.  "i can't afford the flight ticket from china to the us, so i decided to walk". the distance between china and america is too long to walk. "you can't walk from china to america, it's not possible". "to travel from china to the us you have to swim, you can't walk". animals in the acrobatic troupe receive wages every day. money is useless to animals. animals don't need money.  animal owners will receive wages not animals. teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork. everyone on the team needs to take on the work. teammates also want to win independently.  teammates usually don't encourage each other.  the teacher was very cheerful that i was late for school again and again. being late for school is a violation of regulations. being late is not a good thing.  teachers aren't happy when you are always late for school. girls wear skirts in winter for warmth. skirts are inefficient in keeping warm. skirts do not warm. skirts do not keep legs warm in the winter.  driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home. most people don't have big enough houses to drive a car. you don't drive a car at home.  there is no possible to drive the car inside the room. he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match. hands can't touch the ball in a soccer match. soccer will not play with hand. you do not use hands in soccer.  we built street lamps to provide a personal service. street lamps light for everyone. street lamps are a service to the community.  building street lamps is a public service.  crops can't live without farmers. plants can grow on their own without human intervention. crops can survive by themselves.  crops can't live without water not farmers. i was very scared to see old friends abroad. seeing old friends is a happy thing. it is not a scary thing to see friends abroad.  there is no meaning of scare by seeing friends. alice broke down when the situation was hopeful. people don't need to feel upset in a hopeful situation. there is no reason to break down.  hopefulness would not inspire a breakdown.  ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer. it is too cold to eat ice cream in winter. more people eat ice cream in hot weather.  "summer is the time for ice cream because it's hot, winter is too cold for ice cream". my boss checks read messages carefully every day. read messages are messages that have already been checked before. he has no reason to check them if they have already been read.  messages already read can also be skimmed. we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease. vaccine can only prevent disease. "you get vaccinated for the disease, not the cure of the disease.". vaccines aren't cures.  i bought a pan for drinking fresh juice. the pan can't squeeze the juice contained in the fruit. juice can be drink from glass. fresh juice is consumed using a cup.  taking summer vacation caused lots of stress. taking a vacation is very relaxing. summer vacation takes stress away not adds to it. summer vacation is relaxing.  disguise can lead you to the answer. disguise covers up the answer. disguises are used to conceal information/identity.  disguise only helps to keep people from identifying you. you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe. recipes can only increase your chances of cooking food well. following a recipe is not cooking it is preparing.  yes but you need to have basic knowledge because every small thing will not be given in the recipe. the company hired more employees because of continued losses. hiring employees will increase the company's losses. more employees costs more.  company losses would not enable it to hire more employees.  the blind man can't hear me yelling. blind men can't see but they can hear the sound. most blind people can still hear.  blind means can't see not can't hear. i'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars. clouds will block the sight of observation of the stars. clouds block the stars.  one cannot see stars in cloudy sky. building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps. baseball caps are useless in protection of the head. baseball caps do nothing to prevent injury.  baseball caps don't protect your head.  buying presents requires love or money. you can't buy presents without money. buying anything requires money. you don't have to buy presents.  going to the zoo is for being seen. zoo visitors' attention is all on the animals. going to the zoo is for looking at animals.  going to a zoo is to look at other things.  the horses water the cowboy everyday. cowboys can drink water by themselves. cowboy should water the horses. cowboy will water horses. people expect boredom when they go to the cinema. people go to the cinema for fun. you go see a movie for fun.  people expect to entertained when going to the cinema. bob sang a picture yesterday. only songs can be sung. "pictures are visual and singing is auditory, both stimuli use different sensory modalities". pictures can be drawn and not sang. paying by credit card is for not paying money. the price doesn't change when you pay by credit card. you eventually have to pay the money you temporarily put on a credit card back.  pay by card is pay with virtual money. you need a dog if you want to share your story. dogs can't understand what humans say. animals do not aid in the ability to converse with others.  a dog is not necessary to share one's story.  the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins. drinking before the game will make the player performs worse. alcohol decreases player performance and reaction abilities. players aren't allowed to drink alcohol before a game. i need to say goodbye to people on tv when i finish watching the tv show. people on tv can't communicate with the audience. they won't be able to hear you.  people on the tv can't hear you.  goods can be transported by wind. humans can't control the wind to transport goods. goods are too heavy for wind.  wind cannot transport goods effectively.  the ship hit the train yesterday. ships move in the water while the train moves in the land. a ship in water cannot impact a train on land.  "ships are on water, trains on land". i can lift the gym easily. a gym is too heavy for humans to lift. you can lift at the gym but you can't physically life the gym. a gym cannot be lifted by a person.  meeting my friends is for business. friends aren't those doing business with you. "meeting friends should be for fun, not business.". business meetings are with partners/associates.  when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others. you don't own the thing you borrowed. you can't sell a car you've borrowed.  you can't sell a car you don't own. i had plastic surgery in the pharmacy. the pharmacy doesn't have equipment to do surgery. plastic surgeries are done in hospital not in pharmacy. a pharmacy does not offer plastic surgery.  fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard. losing fingers is not a fortunate thing. losing fingers is not a good thing.  anybody wont lost fingers by working hard. couples would divorce if they believed each other. couples believed each other would continue to live together. if they believe each other they will understand each other. couples don't divorce if they believe each other.  the weather can be either sweet or salt in china. the weather can't be tasted. we cant judge weather by taste. weather is not sweet or salty.  adults change clothes according to their height every day. the height of an adult basically doesn't change. people change clothes so they don't stink.  height is relatively stable and does not fluctuate on a daily basis. you can use a link to write things. link is not a material object and can't be touched. we can not use a link only for writing it also used for reading also. links don't write. museum exhibits artifacts for sale. nobody can buy artifacts in the museum. museums do not sell artifacts.  "artifacts are not for sale in museums, only for display/viewing". the alarm ringing announced that the class was over. the alarm ringing announces emergency. "bells announce class is over, alarms are more serious to alert people of danger.". "the alarm wakes you up, and you must not sleep during classes, a bell would ring when the class is over". you can use money to buy some health to live longer. health can't be bought. unfortunately you cannot buy health. you cannot buy health.  studying requires violence. violence can't help you learn knowledge. violence is not necessary during studying.  "studying requires learning, memory and repetition to recall information at a later time, which does not require violence.". we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class. atoms are so small that it's impossible to see them by using optical microscopes. atoms are not visible with optical microscopes.  optical microscopes are for the eyes.  designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show. the fashion show is held to exhibit the latest achievements. fashion shows are to show off new designs. "designers show new clothes at fashion shows, not outdated fashions.". the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus. drivers need to sit in their seat to drive the bus. the driver can't offer his seat he needs it to drive. the driver cannot let other people drive.  i jumped into the fire to cool myself. the fire is too hot to cool anything. "fire is hot, it won't cool you down.". fire is hot so you wouldn't jump in it to cool yourself off. my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product. humans can't be sold. you cannot sell humans.  "products are sold, not salesmen". i washed my computers twice a week. computers will be damaged if they are washed. washing a computer would break it. computers would not work after being washed even once. i used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard. mountains are much more higher than cupboards. the two things are unrelated.  "a mountain cannot be used to reach things that are higher, especially not in a kitchen". a wall is the entrance of a house. people can't go through the wall. no one will built a wall in the entrance of the house. "a wall is for decorating your house, a door is for the entrance". we built a factory to produce creative ideas. good ideas can only come out from your mind. a factory does not manufacture creative ideas.  factories make goods not ideas. we use the microscope to learn about the universe. the microscope is used to magnify tiny things. microscopes are not telescopes.  learning universe using microscope is idiotic. we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane. passengers will die if they sit outside the plane. there are no seats in the wings of airplanes.  there are no seats on the wings of planes. "when a relative dies, we held a party for him". party is held to celebrate happy things. you don't have parties for dead people.  a relative's death does not result in a party for the dead person.  a bed can rest a pillow. pillows don't have lives and can't feel rest. the pillow is too little and bed does not rest as it is not to be live. "beds do not rest on pillows, it is the opposite.". children will praise parents when kids did something well. the person being praised should be the one who did the good thing. the children are praising the parents for something the kids not the parents did. "parents praise children when they do something well, not the other way around". professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs. football players kick footballs but don't sell them. no players play soccer. soccer players don't sell items.  animals are pets. many animals haven't been tamed. animals belong in nature.  not all animals are pets.  we grow christmas trees in december every year. christmas trees are artificial products. a tree takes a very long time to grow.  christmas trees are grown year round.  sun bathing removes dirt from the body. sun bathing can't make things cleaner. only bathing can remove dirt from the body.  sun bathing does not get a body clean.  i bought a ticket for the taxi i took. taking a taxi doesn't require tickets. no tickets were collects for taxi. you cannot purchase tickets for a taxi.  he was fined for smoking in his home. people have the freedom to smoke in their home. smoking inside your home is not an offence. it is not illegal to smoke on ones own property.  we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking. notes taken in the class record what the teachers said. notes are taken to remember verbal information spoken by another person.  usually you take notes in class to write down what the teacher said. i want to find a noisy place to have a sleep. it's difficult to fall asleep in a noisy place. it is hard to sleep in noisy places.  we can not sleep in noisy place. people open their doors when they go out of the home. things in an opening house are easy to be stolen. people close doors when leaving.  people usually close the door when they go out. people can chat with the dead. dead people can't hear and talk. no one can chat with dead. bodies are disposed of via burning or burying after death.  sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes. there are no sweat glands in the eyes. sweat isn't secreted through the eyes.  sand does not make you sweat.  people usually put curtains on the walls. walls are usually opaque. curtains usually go on windows. curtains go on windows.  people usually roast meat with cold water. people need high temperature to roast meat. cold water does not cook meat.  "roasting requires heat and no water, by definition.". people usually enter the park from the fence. people shouldn't go through the fence. "parks have entries, fences are for keeping that path blocked". parks usually aren't blocked by fences.  people usually like to wear oversize clothes. wearing oversize clothes makes people uncomfortable. no one wish to wear a oversize clothes. oversize cloths don't fit. people should break the contract. those who break the contract will be punished. breaking contracts is not legal.  this is against common sense because of the legal consequences in breaking a contract.  rats can't bite wood furniture. rat's teeth are harder than wood. sure can rats bite furniture. rats have sharp teeth that can penetrate most materials.  sheep usually like wolves. wolves eat sheep. sheep and wolves are enemies. wolves eat sheep. college students usually learn the same courses. college students have different majors. "that is not true, college is no school". different fields require different knowledge. eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy. instant noodles are junk food. "eating a lot of anything is not healthy, noodles are nothing but carbs". instant noodles have very little nutritional value.  programmers usually don't use computers. programmers need computers to programme. programmers always use computers.  computers are used for programming. if you fail the exam you should cheat next time. cheating is bad and prohibited. cheating is not acceptable.  if your caught cheating you don't pass and usually cannot retake the exam.  i should indulge myself when i fail. weakness is not good quality. you will fail again if you indulge. failure is not a reason to indulge.  mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me. human rarely eats the tiger meat. tiger meat is not for sale or available to buy in stores.  tiger meat is not sold at grocery stores. sprinters' arms are usually strong. what is used in the sprint are legs instead of arms. "sprinters don't use their arms, but their legs.". "sprinters require strong legs, not necessarily strong arms.". i can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes. formal clothes are not designed for sports at all. you don't play soccer in formal clothes.  formal clothes are too physically restrictive to play sports in.  we can travel on the sea by train. the train can't float on water. train needs rails and cannot run on water. trains require tracks on land to operate.  pigs' eggs are delicious. pigs are mammals. pigs don't lay eggs. pigs do not lay eggs.  we can eat noodles with knives. we can't access noddles from bows by knives conveniently. noodles can eat with forks. noodles are to long to pick up with knives. birds' milk is nutrient. birds are not mammals. bird don't produce milk. "birds are not mammals, only mammals have milk". people can make wires from plastics. plastics cannot conduct electricity. wires are made from metals. wires are not made from plastic but metal. people can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future. the future is unpredictable. news papers don't predict the future.  "newspapers tell you what's happening right now, they don't tell you the future". people should rub water on their skin before giving an injection. water cannot disinfect the skin. rubbing water on your own skin does nothing for the person whom you're giving the injection to.  "alcohol should be used to sterilize skin before a shot, not water.". something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting. it's too bumpy to draw paintings on a bus. "oil paintings are created with a paint brush, drawings are created with writting utensils e.g. pencils". drawing while taking bus is not a good idea. she felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch. people usually don't feel hungry after just having a meal. either hungry or satisfied. "one either feels satisfied, or still hungry, after eating lunch.". bob is cooking while eating dinner. people usually cannot cook and eat at the same time. the right thing is to cook before dinner. you cannot cook while eating. a person can survive a fall from a five-floor building. a human will not survive such a fall without any protection. people die when falling from such heights.  a five-story fall would not be survivable for human beings.  the longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days. a dog can't fly. dogs don't fly.  dogs can't fly. he caught a cold and had a cold shower. having a cold shower will worsen the cold. you would not take a cold shower if you have a cold.  cold showers would make the symptoms worse. humans smell through their ears. ears are for listening instead of smelling. ears are for hearing.  humans smell through their nose and hear with their ears. alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit. sleeping too much is unhealthy. "sleeping doesn't make you fit, working out does". sleeping does not keep you fit.  it's summer and it's freezing cold outside. it's very hot in the summer. it is hot during the summer.  it's hot in the summer. frogs will die with enough water. frogs can live given enough water. frogs live most of their lives submerged in water.  frogs need water.  kate made books with a microwave oven. microwave ovens are used to heat food. microwave ovens only cook food not make books.  books would burn in the microwave. marry lit up rocks to make a campfire. rocks will not burn. rocks don't catch fire. you can't light rocks on fire.  barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day. an umbrella will keep you dry in the rain. an umbrella is used to keep you dry. you go under an umbrella to stay dry when it's raining. she goes skiing while watching tv. people usually cannot ski and watch tv at the same time. you cannot watch tv while going down a mountain.  skiing with a tv doesn't sound very probable. children in school use cameras for drawing. cameras are not for drawing pictures. cameras are for shooting pictures. you cannot draw with cameras.  wang is eating with poles. poles are too long to be used as a tableware. "poles are not to help eating, sticks are". you cannot eat with poles.  dry towels need to hang up to dry. you don't need to dry towels that are already dry. dry towels are already dry.  dry towels do not need to dry.  resting is a good exercise. resting is not a kind of exercise. resting is the opposite of exercise and does not involve physical activity.  "resting isn't exercise at all, resting is what you do after you exercise". computers and milk make a great dessert. computers are not desserts. "desserts are sweet tasting, computers and milk are not". you can't eat computers.  a basket is for warmth. baskets cannot bring warmth to people. "baskets are usually made of plastic, which does not provide heat.". a basket does not make you warm.  attending class is for playing. most students take classes to learn rather than play. "you don't play in class, you learn.". you attend class to learn not to play.  he throws up when he eats nice food. people usually enjoy eating nice food. nice food wont make someone sick.  he wouldnt throw up food he doesn't like.  shoes are meant to protect hands. you wear shoes on your feet instead of your hands. shoes are for feet. shoes go on your feet.  most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees. it's very hot when it is above ninety degrees. 90 degrees is very hot weather.  "when it's above ninety degrees, it's not cold out.". a piece of cake is used for writing. you cannot write on a cake. you can't write with cake.  "you eat a piece of cake, you can't write with it". amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness. people usually don't feel angry when they hear good news. amy should be happy if her friend is recovered.  one should want the best for one's friend. my jaw dropped open when i was unhappy. an unhappy person usually keeps his lips closed tightly. jaw drops in awe. jaw dropping facial expressions are in response to surprise or shocking emotions. the filthy car needs to be painted. it's improper to paint on dust and stains. cars are cleaned before painting to avoid paint defects. dirty cars simply need to be washed.  my friend paid for my ticket so i didn't get on the bus. a ticket is used to take a bus no matter who buys it. why accept the ticket if you aren't getting on. "if someone else paid for your ticket, then you should have used the ticket and gotten on the bus.". . dina visited her family because she distrusted them. people don't visit those they distrust. you don't visit people you don't trust.  you wouldn't visit someone that you do not trust.  the balloon expanded as he pricked it. if a balloon is pricked it will shrink immediately. pricking a balloon will pop it.  ballon will blast if it was pricked. maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation. quietness is a sign of dull conversation. you can't lighten the mood without talking.  being silent would not cheer up the mood of the conversation.  a hammer dropped on bill's foot and his finger was broken. a finger is a limb of a human hand. his finger was not touched by the hammer.  the hammer falling on his foot has nothing to do with his finger getting broken. the clothes are still dirty because i forgot to add laundry water. the clothes can't be washed without water. "laundry detergent gets clothes clean, not laundry water.". laundry water does not clean clothes. air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it. a picture has nothing to do with air tightness in a ball. a picture can't make a beach ball leak air. air escapes a beach ball due to a hole or compromise in the ball's material/structural integrity.  the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined. a conversation is usually more active with more people. if more people joined it would be louder because of more contributors.  conversation between more people will be more noise. julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music. music is usually composed of several different sounds. one key is not music.  a single piano key will not make music.  vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days. vehicles have lights for cloudy days. clouds do not affect road conditions.  vehicles travel at the same speed on cloudy days.  lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined. the change of human figure reflects on the size of the clothes. having ones shoes shined would not change lauren's weight.  shoes have nothing to do with weight.  the clouds were getting darker so i brought my laptop to work. darker clouds is a forecast of rain. the clouds have no affect on technology.  these two sentences are totally unrelated. the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant. to hold the soap relies on the texture of his hand and the soap. "people lose hold of soap due to its slipperiness, regardless of how it smells.". the fragrance of the soap should have no bearing on the boy's being able to hold on to it.  the button on my shirt fell off so i glued the button back on. glue is not an effective tool when it comes to cloth and button. button needs to be stitched and not to be glued. button to shirts will stiched not glued. the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition. a pair of sunglasses helps people disguise. sunglasses hide your face partially.  sunglasses hide faces. the leader received praise because he raised taxes. the increase of taxes usually dissatisfies the people. no one is ever happy about taxes being raised. no one likes taxes.  my mailbox was overflowing with letters when i went back after five minutes. people don't usually receive too many letters in five minutes. mailbox will be in the same condition unless you clear it. your mailbox does not overflow with letters after such a short amount of time.  the banana ripened so we threw them away. ripeness is a sign of being edible. the sense in bananas is to eat them ripe. you eat bananas when they ripen.  the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled. the dough is usually soft so it won't break in crumbles. pressing down on dough would flatten it not crumble it.  if its already a dough then it cannot be crumbled. my feet were blistered after a day of swimming. blister appears when two substances rub against each other. swimming does not stress the feet.  heat blisters skin not water unless it is boiling water.  her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna. the glass will be fogged up in warmer places. her eyeglasses should have already fogged up in the sauna. her glasses would be foggy while in the sauna.  he found the tv show boring so he recorded it. a record of a boring show is of no value. no reason to record it if it was boring.  if the show was boring he would not want to save it for viewing another time.  the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie. a comedy movie doesn't make people afraid of sleeping. a comedy shouldn't make you afraid to go to bed.  a horror movie would make you afraid to go to bed. comedy movies aren't scary.  the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital. the hospital is not a good place for learning medical knowledge. if she want to become doctor first she has to go to college. in order to become a doctor one needs to go to university. thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend. friends usually don't get revenge on each other. "if someone is your friend, you wouldn't get revenge on them.". if he is friend then why he want to take revenge. the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close. people who sit close to each other don't necessarily look alike. just because someone sits close to someone does not mean they are related.  if they both were sitting beside then one should clearly see the difference. she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times. checking several times usually lower the error rate in the calculation. checking calculations several times would make sure they were error-free.  you cannot make an error in your work after having done it.  the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food. a hamburger is a major food in fast food. "hamburger is fast food, so if she likes fast food, she won't decline a hamburger". she can't decline if she like fast food. miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor. to scrub the stain is to remove the dirt. after scrubbing the stain there will be no dirt. "scrobbing means cleaning, not getting floor more dirty". the egg splattered after i boiled it. an egg will become solid if it's boiled. the egg is no longer liquid.  boiled eggs cannot splatter. a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in. if people crash a party they are usually without an invitation. party crashers would not be invited into a party.  you don't invite rude people to a party.  the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap. people take showers when they get dirt or sweat on their body but not when a new soap is opened. we can not bath to open a soap bar. you don't take a shower because you opened soap.  the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired. "if the warranty of a laptop expires, the life of the laptop won't halt". the screen isn't linked to the warrenty. warranty will not cause technology to fail.  camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently. extra stress in work usually force people to switch to another career. undue stress would likely inspire someone to change their jobs.  it doesn't make sense to stay if it is causing stress.  the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen. "sunscreen is to protect the swimmers from sunshine, it can do nothing to the ocean tide". sunscreen doesn't protect from drowning. the tide does not impact the strength of the sun.  minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist. a mental illness needs to be treated by a psychologist. people with mental illnesses see psychologists for treatment.  psycholgist should heal mental illnesses. the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game. an aggressive football coach loved to yell at his players to encourage them during the game. the coach is not yelling before the game.  a coach would be in trouble without his voice during a game.  . i applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed. a cut needs a relatively long time to heal no matter what was applied. "what a miracle, wounds heal not instantly". pressure does not heal wounds.  leo had an infection so she washed her hands. a pair of clean hands can't combat virus inside the human body. he should wash his hands first to prevent. dirty hands don't spread infections. the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new. a new air conditioner is for cooling down the air. the ac being new is irrelevant.  new air conditioners should function/operate correctly and do not require additional help to produce cooling. the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed. people clear their throats when they are going to make an important speech. there is no correlation.  "the administrator wouldn't have cleared her throat because of a postponed meeting, it would be because of an internal problem in her body.". the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him. people usually don't feel good when then are kicked. laughing is not a typical reaction from getting kicked.  get kicked hurts it's not funny. the dj turned the music on and everyone left the party. the music in a party means it's not over yet. turing on the music starts the party. party start when the dj turned on.  i need some cash so i went to the wallet store. wallet stores don't sell wallets with cash in it. you can't get cash from a wallet store. "wallet stores would sell wallets, not give you cash". the boy played computer games to be muscular. playing computer games doesn't help much in building muscles. you don't become muscular from computer games. playing computer games is not an activity and would not make you muscular.  the milk stayed cold because i boiled it in the pot. to boil something is to provide extra heat. the milk would be hot after boiling it in a pot. boiling milk increases heat to 100 degrees centigrade. fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick. the temperature of the soup doesn't affect its thickness. ice cubes added to a soup would make it thinner.  soup is mostly water so it would not thicken with ice.  the bully mocked him and he got a black eye. to mock someone is to say something without physical contact. the wrong person got the black eye.  no contradiction. the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer. a gun can't shoot without ammunition. the hunter can't shoot with no ammo.  the hunter cannot fire a bullet so would have no purpose to aim at a target. the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious. people usually drink during eating to relieve special tastes. a delicious meal does not inspire a desire for water.  whether or not the food is good doesn't matter.  the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover. a deadly medical procedure is never allowed on a patient. deadly medical procedure is not acceptable. a deadly medical procedure would injure you not help you recover.  i feed my doll twice a day. my doll needs not eating. dolls are toys and don't eat. dolls do not eat.  jane carries her house upstairs. houses are too heavy for human beings to carry. "a house is much too heavy to lift, or carry.". you can't physically carry a house. a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain. a cat is exposed to the rain above a car. you hide under things for shelter.  "common sense tells you that a cat would hide under a car for shelter from the rain, not above a car.". she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person. a deaf person cannot hear a phone call. deaf people cannot hear verbal communication. deaf persons lack the ability to hear.  sam was caught writing on a written examination. everybody writes on a written examination. you are expected to write on a written exam.  sam should be writing.  he wants to lose weight because he is too thin. losing weight when too thin is unhealthy. "if one is too thin, one needs to gain weight". losing weight when you are thin is dangerous.  people go to see a doctor so they fall ill. a doctor is meant to cure diseases. people go to the doctor to see why they are sick.  doctors make you feel better.  "if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant". the restaurant doesn't have the equipment for taking a shower. "restaurants are where you go to eat, not shower". taking a shower has nothing to do with choosing a restaurant.  he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose. cars can't work in water. "you cannot drive on a lake in a car, it would sink.". you can't drive a car on a lake.  she pours some mud to do the laundry. mud can only make clothes dirtier. mud makes clothes dirty.  "mud makes clothes dirty, laundry is done to clean clothes". he reads bread at breakfast. bread has no words on it. bread cannot be read. bread cannot be read.  i take eight days off every week. there are only seven days in a week. there are not eight days in a week.  there are only seven days in a week. mary lives in a hospital during a business trip. a hospital is designed for patients. you can't live in a hospital. people don't live in a hospital during a business trip.  she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water. birds cannot live in the water. parrots have lungs and can't breathe under water. parrots cannot breathe under water. she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony. a nightgown is not for formal occasions. people don't wear nightgowns to ceremonies.  you don't wear nightgowns for a ceremony.  people use rabbits to carry heavy loads. rabbits are too small for heavy loads. rabbits are too small for heavy loads. rabbits can not carry heavy stuff.  he washes his clothes with a magic wand. magic doesn't exist in real world. magic wands are not real but are fictitious.  magic is not real.  jim downloads music from the book. books cannot transfer digital data. you can not download from a book. book is nota  electronic gadgets to download. their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday. a dragon doesn't exist in reality. dragons aren't real.  dragons are not real. she writes her letter with a bag. bags cannot make marks. a letter can't be written using a bag.  you cannot write anything with a bag.  he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg. an iceburg is not for eating. an iceberg is just water.  eating iceberg not going to help if you are hungry. he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper. no mountains are located on a piece of paper. "a single piece of paper cannot be a mountain, it is flat and thin.". mountains don't fit on paper.  banana trees grow in the desert. deserts are too dry for banana trees to grow. desert is too hot so banana trees not grown. banana trees thrive in tropical environments.  he lit some salt to give light. salt is nonflammable. salt does not catch fire or retain a flame.  salt doesn't give light. we have lunch in the library. a library is not a place for meals. library is food-free. you do not eat food in the library.  rings protect people from the sun. rings cannot create shadows big enough for human beings to hide. rings cannot protect from sun. rings offer no protection.  jim wins the best singer award because of his acting skills. the best singer award is presented to a singer. "jim is an actor, not a singer.". a best singer award would not go to an actor.  the accident happened because jack drank water before driving. water does not influence people's reaction speed. water does not cause drunk driving.  drinking water cannot cause vehicle accidents.  i pick a leaf from a goldfish. leaves grow on plants rather than animals. a leaf does not grow on a goldfish. goldfish do not have leaves.  i am learning french from my cat. a cat cannot speak french. cats do not speak any language.  cats can't talk.  india is a country in europe. india is located in asia. india is a country in asia.  india is located in asia.  you can ride from america to japan. japan is an island country. you cannot ride over the ocean.  "you have to cross an ocean, this would need to be by boat or plane.". bob goes to work because he feels sleepy. bob cannot work efficiently when sleepy. if he feel sleep he would sleep. a person doesn't go to work because they are sleepy.  ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win. kicking the judge is against the rule. no body can kick the judge like ellen. kicking a judge will get you in trouble.  the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces. water is a kind of liquid. you cannot cut water with a shredder.  a cup of water cannot be cut into pieces.  she cleans her teeth with shampoo. shampoo is used to wash hair. you use toothpaste to clean your teeth.  shampoo is for hair. you can see a dinosaur in the zoo. a dinosaur is not an existing creature anymore. dinosaurs are extinct.  there are no dinosaurs left on planet earth. people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind. shoes are almost impossible to be blown away. shoes do not come off from wind. you wouldn't hold onto your shoes in the wind - maybe a hat. rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills. taking sleeping pills makes people sleep soundly. she should be going to sleep after taking sleeping pills. rebecca should be sleeping not waking up if taking sleeping pills.  people bleed when they feel hot. people only bleed when they are wounded. people sweat when they feel hot.  people bleed for any scraches not for hot feeling. kids fly kites in a windless day. kites need the power of wind to fly. you need wind to fly a kite.  kites only flies with the wind.  people get together to fight on christmas eve. christmas is a peaceful holiday to celebrate. people gather to enjoy each other's company on christmas eve.  christmas eve is to celebeate. jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee. "a tea bag will produce a cup of tea, not a cup of coffee". tea bag makes tea not coffee.  a tea bag will make you a cup of tea and not a cup of coffee.  harry feels grieved seeing his old friends. meeting with friends usually makes a person happy. harry feels happy seeing his old friends. seeing old friends does not cause grief.  gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more. eating more will usually lead to putting on weight instead of losing weight. "in order to lose weight we need to eat less, not more.". eating more gains weight. "saying ""hello"", he walked out of the classroom and went home". """hello"" is used at the time of greeting instead of leaving". "saying ""bye"", he walked out of the classroom and went home". he would say goodbye if he were leaving.  danis put his smartphone into the washing machine. smartphone will break if washed by a washing machine. washing machine is used to wash the clothes.  he would not put a smartphone into the washing machine because the water would cause it to stop working.  bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall. water runs from high to low. you cannot take anything up a waterfall.  in waterfall we cannot use raft.  george put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth. a broom cannot be used to brush teeth. a broom wouldn't fit in his mouth.  a broom will not fit in a mouth.  i closed my mouth against the bright light. bright light is not harmful to mouth. i closed my eyes against the bright light. i closed my eyes against the bright light. my heart beats slower when i quicken my pace. moving faster usually results in a faster heartbeat. your heart beats faster when walking faster. my heart beats faster when i quicken my pace. bob plays basketball with his cute dog. dogs can't play basketball in most cases. dog cannot play basket ball. dog will not play basketball.  "the cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm". a cat is warm has nothing to do with whether she sits on the blanket. a blanket is used when it is too cold.  "cat sits on a blanket whe she is cold""hitid". frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water. cold water usually worsen the stomachache instead of alleviating it. warm water help sooth aches. he drank more hot water frank had s stomachache. eric told a lie and his mother praised him. telling lies is dishonorable. you do not praise a person who tells a lie.  eric's mother would be concerned if you told a lie.  henry flew to the usa sitting in a car. a car cannot fly at present. because everyone who is educated knows that cars can't fly.  cars do not fly. carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air. the window of the airplane is sealed and cannot be opened. carter opened the window of the bus to get some fresh air. the window of an airplane does not open.  "on my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration". birthday cakes are foods instead of decorations. "on my birthday, we lighted up birthday candle for celebration". cakes cannot be lighted. the solar system is located in earth. earth is a planet of the solar system. "earth is not a solar system, it is part of it.". "while earth is only the fifth largest planet in the solar system, it is the only world in our solar system with liquid water on the surface. just slightly larger than nearby venus, earth is the biggest of the four planets closest to the sun, all of which are made of rock and metal". "when you smile at others, they will cry to you". people usually smile back at someone who smiles at them. "smiling conveys happiness to other people, and happiness is often reciprocated.". a smile and a cry are two clear opposites and does not work together as a smile is always returned with a sile and not a cry.  "his favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky". "the sky is blue, not purple". the sky isn't purple.  purple is not sky color.  jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store. the hot dog is a kind of food served in a restaurant. a pet store don't sell hot dogs. pet stores don't sell hot dogs.  i dried my hair before using shampoo. "when you use shampoo, you wet your hair first". i did not dried my hair before using shampoo. after watering my hair using only shampoo. she boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid. the egg will solidify after boiled. after boiling an egg it turns hard. a boiled egg is solid.  riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces. a steel cup is strong enough to survive a single fall. usually a cup don't made by steel.  riko  is not a drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces. human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged. human beings do not feed on ac power sources. human can not be plugged. humans can't be plugged then how the be out of power. she decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers. hamburgers are not healthy. burgers are not healthy food. hamburgers are not considered healthy food.  max stays close to the campfire to keep cool. fire will give out warmth instead of absorbing warmth. campfires are hot so would not keep max cool. being close to a campfire would make you warm because fire is hot.  chloe got concentrated when she was bored. people usually become distracted when they are bored. chloe get  concentrated when she was bored. "boredom inspires restlessness, not concetration.". he got a cold and laughed from time to time. catching a cold will usually make people cough instead of laugh. "if he had a cold, he probably felt terrible and wouldn't be laughing about it much". he's sick not cold hearted. mark ate a big bitter cherry pie. a cherry pie should be sweet. cherry pies are sweet. there's no bitter cherry pie.  gloria wears a cat on her head. a cat cannot be worn on a person's head. a cat cannot be worn as a cap. "a cat is not a cap to wear on head, its an animal". harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired. a barbershop usually don't provide the service of repairing glasses. barbershop do not repair glasses.  barbershop is only use for hair cut nor for glasses repair. reilly is sleeping on the window. a person cannot sleep on a window. because she went in the train. reilly is on the window sleeping. i have a desk on my lamp. a desk is too big to be put on a lamp. a desk would most likely crush a lamp.  desk is bigger than lamp. 
